https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jFGNQScRNY
Dmitry Belyaev and Fox Experiments
 I had a rat named Rizzo... she died from a brain tumor, too. I'm going to find a corner and cry now, thanks reddit.  Same thing happened to me. The worst part is that I was picking up a dresser from my ex boyfriends house. He watched it happen.  
  
Very awkward. /r/gaming op is very punctual Facebook is that way, I'm not your friend buddy Look up the "farm fox experiment" pretty cool research on the heritability of domestic traits like docility. I work in a children's hospital and about 90% of the girls that come through have something frozen related with them at all times! 
 Your submission was removed as it violates rule I: No pictures with added/superimposed text. The language appears to be Indian or Devanagari, which is the parent language of Indian. Sorry I couldn't help more.  Dear lord- that's not cool. Sounds like a great submission for /r/shitty_car_mods!  &gt;Is there something about being a dude who likes to fuck dudes that makes you a fantastic neighbor?


This provided my ab workout for the day.  Thanks Did this come with an instruction manual or a tutorial?

It looks like a plumber is trolling you. Your submission was removed as it violates rule I: No screenshots 

Your submission was removed as it violates rule I: No pictures with added/superimposed text. I saw 85 all over Utah Not nearly all income is taxed.  As a business a lot of my income isnt taxed.  As a contractor, I also have a lot of income that isnt taxed.  There are tons of very legal ways to "evade" tax on income.  I dont see why you would pick those making the least possible amount of money to say those ones are doing it illegally.   Holmes or homes? It's obvious he loves his daughter. You're a child for using this as a moment to try and be some moral champion. Either be supportive or keep your mouth shut. He posted a picture because he loves his daughter and wants to share it with the community which sadly you are apart of. Assuming he isn't with her the whole time because of one picture is absurd. There is a reason you are downvoted to the bottom brother. :) i assume we'll never know since op for some reason decided to create a throwaway account to post this and then abandoned the thread Sorry, can't hear you over my FREEDOM. /r/TheSouth [Gaudi] (http://i.imgur.com/tQbw37W.jpg) You had a chance to get to the front page, all you needed was one banana. [eat it?](http://holeinthedonut.com/2010/06/01/mexico-food-nopal-cactus/) /r/HistoryPorn   
pretty cool Poses for picture in paper, stung by a bee a few minutes earlier. The thing is that it's the building inspectors job to make sure things are safe and to code. If they failed to do so then they made a mistake and should be reprimanded. Just because the inspector would get in trouble doesn't mean the driver is still not at fault for driving through a railing. They are both at fault. MURICA, har har. Lol!!! I love this!! The Starscream of reddit. Hey, this is my friend's cat and dog. 

/u/Logic007 I remember looking my son's surgeon in the eyes right before they gave him the valium equivalent and took him back to the OR.  I've never been so confident that I was ready to kill another human being.  It honestly kinda scared me. 2 Flash 2 Franks? I feel like I'm getting further away... I put petrol in my car, not sure what you put in yours ["Shut the fuck up and put it on you look SCARY"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Felz8fwoX4w)  Must have been taken in the southern USA. Yes, that was the original reason.  By the way, he just died, I found out!  RIP you poor old SOB!

But in later interviews, he played down the religious aspect and made it more of "day of rest" for employees and franchisees.

The WSJ and others are already speculating what will happen now that the Sr. Cathy has died.  Will there be an IPO?  Will some of the kids wan to cash out?  Will they keep it in the family?

If they do an IPO, I suspect the "closed on Sundays" will likely go away, at least in some stores.

To me, it seems unfair that a franchise should be granted for a PUBLIC SPACE like an airport or a thruway rest stop, where the public uses the space on Sundays - and allow the franchise to close on Sunday.

Heck close on Fridays for the Islams, Saturdays for the Jews, and give everyone a three-day weekend! RIP e-brake Can we leave the Bill Murray fanaticism in 2014? Along with all of the Keep Calm and whatever bullshit? Corpse or it didnt happen. [Indian Jewelry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hwtl0g3ntCk) It looks fixable. The "merchant" which is Wet Seal, controls all vendors- this is a good issue to watch and see how it turns out. The "merchant", not the "vendor" is under duty to WARN during mass layoffs or closings. I have no doubt since Wet Seal was considered bankrupt a few months ago that they have finagled a way to get out of their obligation. http://i.imgur.com/rxIqTFe.jpg Maybe he's an idiot. Not Kevin. The car is most likely stolen, and he just wants to get away as quick as possible. If he were just running from the police, it'd do no good leaving your car when it'd be traced right back to you. He's got faucets in his faucets, just so he has faucets. That shit couldnt even stop a running fat kid. Its a pretty wicked metaphor too  It's -40 and covered in snow here in Northern Canada.  This picture made me cry a little.
 p diddy Great news! Thanks for sharing from a dad of 2 girls.  Oh ok cool. I didn't read the book, only saw the movie. So in Canada, if I have Triskaidekaphobia I can legally force all businesses to no longer use the number 13? &gt; For some reason i always find little girls with disney stuff so cute, maybe because my girlfriend was exactly like that when she was really young

Was confused and scared at this point.. 

 I've never even heard of this place.  Apparently this is a chain.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYAuR5bkIlQ So this orphanage to save animals that survived a bushfire got burned down by a bushfire?
 You're making TONS of assumptions there, brother.

All I made were suggestions.

Somebody's gotta be a moral champion around here. Any time poverty, hardship, or crime is mentioned on reddit, everyone instantly relapses into a "hurr durr DAE Detroit is literally the pits of hell on Earth and no one ever comes out alive?!?!" type of status.

I get it.  Detroit isn't what it used to be, and it becomes a scapegoat as a result.  The interesting thing is, there are plenty of places in the country that are just as bad, if not worse.  

Detroit as a whole is probably worse than many places as a whole, but I sure as hell wouldn't feel too safe walking around a lot of places in the US.  I've driven through South Chicago, I've seen East St. Louis, I know people who have lived in Baltimore, and I've *lived* near Andrew Square in South Boston, like 3 blocks away from the projects, and a few more from where a girl got abducted from her front porch, taken to a bunch of ATMs, then killed and dumped in a river.

But yeah, let's keep ripping on Detroit because it's easy. wow ...chill!  The spelling and grammar on this sign makes me cringe.  http://i.imgur.com/ecIBXYR.png Architects and engineers have total liability over code violations.  Inspectors and plan checkers can't oversee everything and if something is missed, it's still the responsibility of the builder to make sure it's code compliant even after construction is complete and the violation is found after plan-check signed off on it. International Building Code Section 406.4.3 requires vehicle barriers not less than 2 feet 9 inches (835 mm) in height to be placed at the ends of drive lanes, and at the end of parking spaces where the vertical distance to the ground or surface directly below is greater than 1 foot. These barriers are required to comply with the loading requirements of Section 1607.8.3 which in turn requires barriers for passenger vehicles to be designed to resist a concentrated load of 6,000 pounds (26.7 kN).

The IBC is a model building code that is generally adopted by local jurisdictions in the United States. I have a lemon tree and an orange tree in my front yard (large ones, each with a drip line of about 10 feet from the trunk). While they produce more than my family can use, they're not nearly enough to feed the countless people who come by and pick them without permission. That said, we have no problem letting people grab some, but all we ask is for a little common courtesy - ask first. What ever happened to manners? Jokes that touch on gender are actually more taboo on reddit than race jokes or jokes about class etc. It's funny to me that we make gender jokes "off limits" for some reason.

You know, people can make jokes about the historical gender roles and the sometimes very real way in which women use sexuality as a leveraging device and NOT be sexist. Crazy, I know. For a moment there I thought I saw a hand coming out of the eggs touching the guys crotch. http://i.imgur.com/twLdao4.jpg Do all people who like riding noisy motorcycles around town like posting recycled content on the Internet? "Hey boss, just calling to let you know I'm fired." True! Although mine are kept on a mug tree so they're sideways most the time :/ I'm just awkward like that.  There is still a random barcode that I didnt ask for and half the design that I did ask for missing.  And a box of latex gloves. awesome find! Technically it's not male nudity. The year is 1585, and the android has taken over. We thought it came in peace, but we were wrong. It brought new technology, and with that came health and prosperity. It showed us what to do, how to build a better world, but the building never stopped. When we refused a request, it became a demand; when we refused a demand, it became a threat. There were few who defied the threat, but they're not around any more. It watches us from its throne, and the orders come down such a long chain of command that I don't even know if the android speaks at all. I'm pretty surprised, I would have imagined them wanting actual gold, silver or something they could directly infuse into their economy. You misspelled pot I was going to ask what it played .... Thanks for telling us. Even though you're just some internet stranger, I'm glad to hear. :) this couln't be more appropiate. LOL My first thought was "Man that's a fake baby, c'mon OP who are you trying to fool" and then I saw the dad's skin and I wasn't sure about anything anymore. You sure you didn't just take the picture yourself? Good Luck!!! Spotted again at the local crossfit.  Oh no, those are evil and anti capitalist. My employer and the republicans said so. There's not much cost in growing the tree, you can get a bunch of seeds for less than 1c each and orange trees are pretty good at managing themselves. The only cost of growing them is the land + shipping them. But most times the shipping is like 90%(that's a guess, it depends. But that's what it was for my family) of the cost of selling them This reminds me of a prank that would get played on my dad and uncle in high school. They both drove [Austin-Healey Sprites](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austin-Healey_Sprite#Mark_I) which measured 80"x137"x53" and weighed just over 1400 pounds. The football team would come out into the parking lot, pick them up, and put them sideways end to end in the parking spot, making impossible to get out until someone in one of the adjacent spots left. Put a bird on it! Buys a phone

Crazy wealthy [http://imgur.com/Y2F3dqT](http://imgur.com/Y2F3dqT) There is a difference between being smart and intelligent. So you're saying he's a liar? I haven't watched any of the Saw movies for the same reason.  Silence of the Lambs doesn't bother me in the slightest.  It's a really good film. Doesn't look at all like Motoko Kusanagi to me though. You were supposed to print it out and then upload it and *then* take another screenshot. So it's a fake! Which one is Wu Tang's? 
 You are now subscribed to Cat Facts. I was doing a bottle run to the recycling depot for some extra pocket change; crushed cans, placed in box, put in hatch, closed. The profit gained however, did not cover the damages done. People getting their dicks sucked by crack whores [Possible Artist?](http://www.jessicaharrison.co.uk/page10.htm) This isn't a screenshot, it's an image I created. We don't have any pepers Barry There are somethings you should not buy at Walmart. Food being one of them. http://i.imgur.com/EQqLpvL.jpg Isn't the rate of rabies in foxes in England VERy high?

In the US it is rather low. LAWSUIT Should have put snoo snoo instead. Why is dying at the age of 90 sad? And that's where you guys are different. These guys love climbing for the rush/thrill of heights A job.  &gt;Makes Licensing Deals

...

&gt; Gets Ripped Off These are wonderful photos. Before I checked them, the thumbnail and the title sent me in a completely different direction, though. I thought "30 Days Of Night" for a moment. (Only saw the beginning once - it dragged on a bit much.) Yeah, I feel like sweaty hands are way better at gripping than dry hands. Most places it's legal to have the car towed at the owner's expense if they block you in.  Call your local PD to find the rules.  They may send a cop out to have them towed. There's one person missing on the right  On time vs late is a matter of 2 seconds? OP is punctual. You have the rock eye brow thing down.

http://heavyeditorial.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/tumblr_mfndjq0do31rn0vh6o1_250.gif?w=780 Greg used to go out and cut the lawn with scissors... Greg was real fuckin high.  It is my dream to have a squirrel climb on me like that. Some Snow White shit right there. Nah it's a Blue Jay, I know him, he works at the park.  Tasty trichomes always go well with a Caprise salad. http://i.imgur.com/rxsVC4w.jpg Yeah, like I said, I wish I had a camera at that moment. The thing was even rusty as shit. What's the problem? Where I live it's the standard... I'm so sorry to hear this. Hopefully you can make it through together  I do this sometimes.  Confused me when one guy came out and told me to stop, he wanted to shovel it for exercise.  Now I just let everyone get their exercise whether they want it or not. Mind if I [adjust your white balance?](http://i.imgur.com/LvqEuO0.jpg) What does Funny have to say about this? Zerg rush Clean it and use before mascara! haha so young and she already has that "BUSTED" look down Thats what you get for living in that shit hole.  /r/wtf More creepy is that fucking santa....  Watch out, Sam, there's a huge dog about to eat you!

 Your baby looks like he just took a massive dump.

  ^^^ew Yeah, as harsh as that is, its sage advice.  I mean unless his brother just lost his job or is functionally retarded or some other kind of crazy circumstance.  Basically just say hey look your kids fucked up my TV then see what his response is.  Because it better be "oh shit dude I'm so sorry, we'll replace it or repair it what do you think we should do?" My thoughts are with you.  My daughter (4) had multiple brain surgeries last year and will be having another one next week.  I know how terrible that it can be, but believe me that you are through the worst part and it will do nothing but get easier from here! Objection, pure speculation and leading the witness &gt;What the hell happened?!?

Nothing, it turns out /u/Potgut isn't a commercial approved by a by executives and a PR department.  with herpes Mahalo MOTHERFUCKER! That's worth between 133 to 267 oranges!  What the heck? Not gonna lie, even though this is an extremely nice gesture i would be really annoyed. Its early in the morning and the snowblower would probably wake me up before my alarm went off, all for snow thay i could easily drive through. That being said, i would still humbly thank the guy and would probably feel pretty good about it after my morning grumpies wore off. When my daughter spent time in the hospital when she still had leukemia it would take about 3-4 trips to empty the room of all her toys and stuff!

This pic made me laugh so much!

Thanks for sharing. There's a lot of building code and engineering that makes modern structures fairly safe even in areas with large earthquakes. They are built to move with the earthquake. A friend of my parents lives there and I was disappointed to discover that the rooms inside have normal geometry :( Sweet! My roommate is actually going to interview for a job there within the next month or so. Any advice for her? That's part of the disclaimer in fine print at the bottom.  I'm not going to disagree with you that rats are a lot of work but changing their bedding 2-4 times a day is pretty excessive. I did it twice per week typically, and having owned many rats not one of them died before the end of their "expected breed/species life span". Down by the river, 

We took a little walk.

Ran into Russia, 

And we had a little talk.

We pushed 'em, 

We shoved 'em,

We threw 'em in the river, 

And laughed as they drowned. 

We don't need no Russians,

Hanging around.  This is happening in Russia . maybe another 10 15 years they will be affordable  He's clearly having a shit day. Better steer clear.  BARELY! As a surgeon, I agree . WTF! look at that [butt](http://i.imgur.com/Gupsrox.gif) I hear they have trouble with spraying and marking and they're hard to potty train because they're relatively new in their domestication. Correct me if I'm wrong.  She's got her father's eyes. It means someone hasn't been taking their medication. metroid.... no! Fleshlight!  Would fap This happened a couple days before christmas and that was pretty much the conversation. He was talking to his boss and was just trying to figure out how the hell he would clean up the mess and make all his last deliveries before christmas. Felt for the guy. Didn't help clean. We're on the internet, that wouldn't be possible. :'( The Conservation of Bacon law makes certain of that. [Here](http://i.imgur.com/Yq1tZkW.jpg) is the unshopped version of this picture. It's /u/Logic007 picture and he submitted it [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2407n9/i_didnt_know_id_have_to_give_up_my_dog_when_i_got/).

I believe /u/kichigai-ichiban created this version of the image (with the knife) [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2407n9/i_didnt_know_id_have_to_give_up_my_dog_when_i_got/ch2gfyi). You can go to your local Chipotle and try for yourself.....  GO ahead, you know you want to.......
 I'm renting! Oh, I see. I feel like that was already covered under "traffic", talking about other drivers, but I see where you're coming from now. Look dude I'm not trying to convince you 9/11 is/was a conspiracy. Yes I did consider that you may have looked into it already which would explain your very closed mindedness.

This is my 2nd attempt to agree to disagree with you so please, I'm no longer interested in this discussion. is that. . . all your eyelashes?  I didn't say it was pointless, only that if I get a thousand karma from a post, I gain nothing. No money, no friends, and no love. You can totally escape this, assuming that's not an R32, idk VWs that well so I can't tell. 

Set the parking brake. Turn your wheel all the way to the left/right, depending on which side of the road you're on. If you have a manual trans, dump the clutch at 3-4k. If you have an auto, put it in 1st/low and floor it. 

Your back wheel(s) should stay planted while your front wheels swing the front end around. 

Just do what this guy did, but backwards:
http://youtu.be/a-t5HmFMb4A

*i wouldn't honestly do this unless you're fully prepared to fuck up both the car in front and behind you. Which in your case seems fair, fuck those guys* Columbus here. It looks like my neighborhood.
 Parents think ANYTHING their kids do is AWESOME. And MUST be shared with. EVERYONE MUST SEE THIS MY KID IS LYING ON THE GROUND BECAUSE SHE DOESN'T WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA ISNT SHE FUNNY?! PROOOOUD PARENT http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSENOLpx0Cg I really wanted that end with her paying that group of guys to go beat the shit out of that dude You just achieved revolution. How does this make you feel Could be worse. They could have a broken window and no keg.  Sat'an was very offended by it. Why is he puking up rubber ducks? Huh, TIL. was this in Anaheim? 1818? It would still fall under the superimposed text rule, though. You might try /r/misc or /r/images. There are some other subs listed in our sidebar, too. Just realized how fortunate I am to live in a big city with good public transit and a walking distance commute to work. I rarely appreciate how important cars are to some people's lives. Where is Franco Columbo when you need him? Thats why you don't keep electronics on the floor "Keep that cold shit away from me!" Dutch? Damn dude... As a man with a 4yo kid and a 19 year old dog...   THIS really made me tear up.  The dog is probably on his last year, and whats it going to be like for my son... This dog has been my teddie bear for the last **19 years**.  Falling asleep in my arms every night.  That is well over half of my life.  I don't know how either of us are going to handle it and I think about it every day. I would alert the Coastguard before flushing that lunker, lives may depend on it. What about vans? You are correct, this is a logical fallacy they are attempting to employ. But damn, son, throttle it down a bit on the ad homonym yourself. Catch more flies with honey and such... A wizard is never late. Yeh... Reposting is one thing, but honestly why do you bring attention to the fact by pretending it is new via the title?


**BREAKING NEWS MICHAEL JACKSON IS DEAD BIGGEST TRAGEDY OF 2015!!!!!!** Go deeper!! &gt;kinda of So, next time youre crying lets take a picture and post it on the internet. You seem to be a very angry person. You should probably seek some assistance regarding this issue. Your submission was removed as it violates rule VI: Submissions must link directly to a specific image file or to an image hosting website with minimal ads. That's stupid. Then she wouldn't have an excuse to pop a mentos. and commuting polar bears. It *really* depends on the state. For example: In some places Cars cannot have overly dark tint (IIRC unless it's a limo), but "trucks" can (Pickups, SUVs, etc).  I want a cone just like it. Do they come in man sizes? What you are describing is called differential settlement. This happens when the building's foundation is settling unevenly due to a number of different reasons. This results in bending and deflection of the structural frame, and is likely why your door is getting stuck. If it's happening at the rate you described, you might want to get someone to check it out.  Also, the motorist picked the wrong place to hit the gas Got a free used single stage 2 stroke snowblower a few years ago. Had to buy a $2.59 part to get it going. Did 5-6 driveways extra each time we had a big snowfall, various neighbours. Did this for 3 winters. 2 offered gas money, 1 bought me a gift card. One said thanks on FB each time. The others didn't offer a wave, nod or anything. I don't do those ones anymore. Got a blade for my ATV (much more fun now) and just do 1 or 2 extra for the fun of it. Saw some of them watching me out their windows, having fun....and NOT DOING THEIR DRIVEWAY. Did a couple donuts in the street when done and then put it away. If ONE chips in for gas, I'm happy...but at least acknowledging that I saved 1 or 2 hours work from THOSE neighbours who seem to EXPECT it after doing it once. Duh.  Done some hefty jobs clearing snow for people who went south for a vacation. Clean driveway for when they return. Not a word of thanks. Sheesh. Done doing that. Sorry to vent. (I cut the neighbour's grass too, help with repairs etc etc.)  I've been there. I thought it was pretty cool, but I guess everyone has their tastes. You really dont understand reddit do you? Spazz. Everyone let this guy throw a hissy fit because someones getting make believe internet points. Lol. you care about it enough to comment on it.  Nah theoretically both other cars could be the assholes depending on timing. I feel the same way about Elmo. NO! He's too hot for that.  Go get it checked. Ceilings collapsing on you hurt I've been told. And depending where you live snow will add weight. It's likely not serious to that point yet as most homes are over engineered but better now than later.  I think 15-20k for other people making you famous and literally having done nothing requiring effort to achieve that fame, all happening by accident mostly...is ok. If I was 100 I'd hate this, What you wanna exaggerate the point that i should be dead?! is that it?! fuck off! I see she likes Toy Story.  You're welcome. Did you steal someone's spot? We used to do this to a coworker who would steal our spots when we left for lunch. I'm amazed by this thread because I live in AZ and most fruit trees here are purely decorative. The fruit does taste like shit because they were created just to look pretty. You're supposed to look and not touch. I would never pick any fruit growing in someone's yard like that because I assume it's shit.     

I used to work at a motel with a bunch of these trees. Assholes staying there would pick the oranges and we'd find the trash cans full of them after they actually tried to eat one. It frustrated me to no end that people were so greedy and ruined the trees.  Yeah actually. If they did that every delivery it'd net the grower a huge profit over time Mmmm... you get impaled *and* tetanus! 

I'm surprised 'swangas' or whatever they are called are legal- those seem pretty sketchy to me as well.  AHHHH, the old reddit.... Fuck it I'm too lazy.  5 door Mazda 3 hatchback by the look of it.

Or perhaps 4.5 door now. Man, stop being a dick You're a liar.

http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2rit2w/guess_ill_be_late_to_work_today/cngi1sj Ditto the entire UK I was born in Waterloo! Hello hometown neighbor :) That's false.  Cats jaws do indeed move side to side.  You are a liar. Nacho Libre They're saying the actual PRICE of the Caddy was &gt; $2200.  The 10,000 bananas "price" was not meant to be taken seriously.
 thanks for the update. I can only imagine the nervousness/anxiety i would feel if either of my kids were having surgery. just looking at the pic hit home. Rest easy. fast recovery. and yes, fuck all the assholes on here.  Don't. If OP had been on time to school in the past, he might've learned this. yeah, you might not be the most logical one. How come whenever a photographer has used HDR, it's automatically shitty? I agree sometimes HDR looks terrible, but I think it looks cool here. Probably a dagger. Always use a dagger on friends.  You really think someone would do that? Just go on the internet and post dank memes? You'd think the Engineer-of-Record would have done a walk-through. Or maybe the General Contractor. SOMEONE who's worked on a garage before. The stillness and quietness is so beautiful. It's definitely not my favorite time of the year, but I think it's necessary as a peaceful, calming time. I was hoping there was a DS in there somewhere. Catch her some Pokemon while she's stuck in there. I'm jealous yours have lasted so long! My rats really work the averages from 1-3 years on lifespan. 

Though, I did have a hamster than lived 2.5 lives, so, I'm glad you got to have such a long time with your friend! Because you want roaches to crawl into your nose instead??  I was looking for the part that folds out and has spikes to nail the car that gets too close. Then I realised it just hangs there, passively. I can't even smear paint or grease on it for fear of harming pedestrians who must squeeze between the bumpers! Who did you piss off last night? That is every single kid from the 90's ITT: comments about OP's timeline I think you mean Lucifher's. Pet rats? Who gives a shit? Also whoring your own child's pain for internet points is as disgusting as a pet rat. Can't you just have a memory without taking a picture and whoring it to the internet? Kudos to you OP for keeping painting shorts.  I do the same :) How sturdy are tension cables? I feel they'd be stronger than that rail but not strong enough to stop a car? No, I didn't see that. Gotcha, thought OP was in a car. Agree with you, precisely the thoughts after I finished it. Maybe reckless, but not pointless. If you speed you are going to get to your destination faster on average because you will beat some lights that you may not have if you were not speeding. What he was saying is that traffic lights put you into a time period. So if you leave your house in a certain time period say between 7:00 and 7:01 you would likely get to work at the same time because traffic lights will catch you (if you drive the same). Not to be insensitive or anything (I don't have kids so i may not understand but I want to be an OR nurse one day) why did you feel like that? I don't really know why this made me cry. No one deserves to lose their child, especially before they even get to meet them. I hope your first child is very healthy, put all the energy you would have into your second child into your first. Best of wishes to you and your family. Take care of yourself. Godspeed. Gods be with you and your daughter! Quick everyone post a comment with quotations of what you think the guy in the picture is saying! Typical Toyota driver Prevents me from seeing a accident happen on my way to work when riding a bike. Then just throwing my bike at the car accident and posting a picture of it on the internet. My friend in college put a keg the same way into the back of his jeep compass, gently shut trunk, *shatter*. Just barely touched the glass to the edge of the keg :( Keep in mind these are 1997 dollars we're talking about. I think he says, "If you sing that son one more time, I will murder you in your sleep" Terrible for ad money though. Volkswagen? He should have been able to come away with a couple hundred grand with all of those. Probably saved your life Glad she's doing well. This is a hard thing for parent's to handle because you feel so absolutely helpless. Kids have a way of just getting through the shit. 

also I can't understand why people get offended when redditors share pics of people around them. are you so self involved or hold fake internet points in such esteem that you miss the point that you are looking into another humans life from their perspective. thats a pretty amazing thing.  

Best wishes for your little ones recovery. /r/todayilearned


wow celebrities are real people, they do real people things guys!!! THIS IS NEW AND INTERESTING He didn't... It was put there by a forklift, impossible physics. [Holmes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holmes_Inspection) - it is/was a ~~US Show~~ Canadian produced show that airs in more than 1 country.  Looks like this guy did too, since the glass is on the ground near the broken window.

Shit sucks.
 If you are hourly, early will actually piss of your employer  Evel Fett: Hunter, Stuntman, Father, Lover. Holmes. It's the last name of the show's host (Mike Holmes). It is funny.  Despite me being her mother, my daughter's fucking hilarious and awesome.  You're a dick. Dis Cheeki Breeki. Damn, you weren't kidding. I like the freckles. Isn't stuff like this surreal? 

I was once at my grandparents and when leaving my grandpa said your tires look like they are low on air, so I stopped at the gas station and checked, they were fine and was like okkkk man, but it delayed me about 1 min.

When we were driving down the road a car in the oncoming lane last control and swerved about 200 ft in front of us and went over a bank - it is insane to think (and really changed my outlook on defensive driving) that if we hadn't stopped to check the tires she probably would have smashed right into us. It snows in Montana during winter? I can't roll my eyes hard enough at every sentence of this. People need to get over themselves christ. How else is he going to post such an interesting title? awww I'm sorry. :'( I found the french subtitled version to be a lot more exciting. Instead of one omniscient "God narrator", they personify the penguins actions with male and female voices. It's a completely different movie. Yay, facebookeddit.  Unfashionable batteries.  I'd kill you with my bare hands if I weren't on the toilet  2 seconds is late? D legend  How has nobody noticed the weird fucking leg on the guy laying down to the lower left?! Don't blink That is a weird optical illusion.  That's the real crime IMO. source? Did you drop out of high school due to the time travel mishap, or for some other reason? it says "whoever wears this ring is a huge faggot" https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/2rj0wy/my_take_on_gordon_ramsays_scrambled_eggs/ Your daughter will most likely live to see medical science obtain the ability to print her a new kidney. This is only temporary most likely. :) i think id rather be dead then at work :) happy to hear all went well.  I wish fast recovery. His name is James Kolkman. He and his family died in a car accident after the photo was taken, but before said photo could be delivered to his house.  Much like the Kolkman family's souls, the photos have spent the last 20 years floating around in limbo... until they found a way to your doorstep. The kind that will keep you warm on the cold moons of Jaglan Beta and make a strag think you are much better prepared than you actually are. It's not, it's sad that we have lost such a great person. Perhaps I missed a comma, maybe the title should have been:"A happy picture to remember D-Day Veteran Bernard Jordan by, who sadly died, at the age of 90."
*sigh* It's a shame you pick up on the grammar, rather than the meaning of post... but then again that's reddit in a nutshell... *sigh* **thank you.** And epic hair!!

tagged as epic hair dude.. Excellent. I haven't seen such a blatant straw-man argument yet today. 

Obviously, I'm arguing that cars should be allowed to drive everywhere, no matter how dangerous. /s

Or maybe I'm just arguing that there doesn't need to be a regulation mandating expensive car barriers for relatively short drops in a very low speed car garage. Similar to the way that there are no regulations mandating car-proof barriers for every sidewalk, every culvert, and every ditch in the world.  Then just get out. You were 2 seconds late for work? Finally somebody else notices!!!! when i started working in a chickenfarm i dropped a stack like that...i allmost got fired the first day... ummm.. they were likely looking for houses to break into. 1400 dollars!

-Watch this mothafucker still gona buy it

(Takes out card)

-nasty ass vacuum fuckers.  It's on top of the railing.  I really want one of those How many gay people do you think avoided commitment with their SOs by citing that marriage was illegal?

"No, baby. I'd love to. It's just that, you know. The law." "Awww you're rat died? Hold on and let me take a photo for fake internet points." we gave the penguins fish, and now they won't leave us alone

here are some pics of us pretending to be annoyed Why I carry paint thinner everywhere.  Perhaps contact amazon instead of posting a pic of someone's child on the internet? Shit happens I guess. I mean it *looked* like it would fit. Maybe we're both retarded. Do you even bounce, bro? The whoosa? Or if you left home 30 seconds earlier you'd be fine.  Being on time would have been better, unless you were exactly 2 seconds late, but there's absolutely no way you'd know if you were only that far off. Meanwhile my cock is out of control! It can't suck itself and it's been fucking hard all morning.

Okay, we'll settle for this picture on account of wreck. Isn't this a free pass to play bumper cars?  

I wonder what the legality of this is? Can I push their car back against their E-break so I can get out, or do I really need to sit there and wait till the person comes back.

Also to OP- you're a bundle of sticks.
 Reminds of a incident that happened last winter to my mom.  My mom managed to put her car in the ditch.  Some guy comes along in a tracker, pull her out and says I'll tow you home, as your car wont make it.  My mom starts to give him directions (her house was basically around the corner and she was just going to walk home), when he says, "I know where you live, your daughter through the best parties."
 
She had some beer in the fridge in the garage, she offered him a 6-pack and he took a single beer and said more people to tow out.  

 Yes. It's considered too difficult to see to be avoided.

I had never heard that before someone I know accidentally gauged their car on one. I don't know which jurisdictions are the same (I'm in Canada). 

&gt;Thank you for the kind thoughts and wishes from everyone. For the people that were offended by the post, go fuck yourself with a lightning rod **in a heavy thunderstorm**

FTFY
 http://i.imgur.com/s0Qm9Le.jpg It's Australia. Everything gets burned by a brush fire eventually. So you can play with it, and admire how cute it is? Obviously.

Not all dogs were domesticated so they could do a job, some of them were there for show. I thought this was some new /r/architecture facade post.

Its truly sad how far my profession has fallen. I assume nothing. Look at his daughter and his comments. It's clear as day that he loves her. The only one assuming stuff is you. Nice attempt to use my words to try and spin it on me. Immature as predicted. "Excellent..." Had this picture been titled "Little girl with a Frozen suitcase", it wouldn't have hit the front page. What are you talking about? That's the right way to eat a Kit Kat! Wow what a coincidence the exact same thing happened to the last owner of your car 10 months ago! http://www.reddit.com/r/LosAngeles/comments/20xplq/parked_at_ucla_came_back_to_this/ &gt; when it's over &gt;5%

When it's over greater than 5%? My gut reaction to the high five was "WHY?" TIL 2 seconds is considered late for work. It's not. All this dude did was state the exact same thing, and then add "but they're bound to honor it".

And this immediately follows "That's hugely misleading"....

What a dipshit. I don't want to under play the significance of you not being killed but since when is 2 seconds late? (   ) So you didn't have to climb in the passenger door after all.  Arriving 10 minutes early has prevented me from getting cancer, too.  I shudder to think how much cancer I'd have gotten if I was on time. shitty design, sure. but why isn't anyone putting any blame on this fucking idiot driver? blows my mind how careless people can be behind the wheel. I wasn't very interested in going to work today either.  I sympathize with her. Gotta stab the throttle to get the nose up...works on my dirt bike As someone who lives in the south and rarely sees snow, wouldn't this so called "snow blower" be loud as hell?

Because even if your doing me a favor, I'm still gonna cut you for waking me up early on a work day So fucking depressing that this is *exactly* what came to my mind. I need to unplug. He is being a father. He is being a father by taking some personal time here and there to unload his emotions. He is being a father by not bottling them up and losing it in front of his daughter. You can't spend every goddamn second with someone. We all need time to unwind, _especially_ in situations like this. Time to get the fucking pitchforks.. 
-------E
-------E
-------E
-------E No, the UK is rabies free. There has been 4 deaths since 2000 all of which were as a result of bites from dogs in other countries.  Do they also happen to be twins? Lesbian-incest in Tampa, ick Apparently some do. I think of it as Shakespearean, so it adds a bit of thrust and pretentiousness to a comment. America* *Nice dog you have here... shame if something were to happen to it* Awesome!!! Hello! Have you been back to Waterloo lately? Their downtown has also been getting a lot nicer! They've been busy renovating and getting new businesses there.  You time yourself going to work by the second? FUCKKK THISSSS GIFFFFFF This will get deleted eventually. You think they store EVERYTHING? FOREVER? Goddammit we are gonna run out of internet if this bullshit is clogging up servers "being late for work saved my life, 2 seconds earlier..."If you hadn't been late at all you wouldn't even have known that that happened. What if I told you, sometimes property owners clean and replace lighting fixtures in their buildings?  show us your naked eye! The Georgia Coffee's are worthy of such praise... soooo good. This comment finally made it click for me.  There was a pedestrian guard rail, like on the left, but across.  Someone locked their bike to it.  This car pushed the guard rail and bike out of the wall, and now it's on the ground under the car. ;-) Because the pic is powerful.  It is art.  I am glad he did.  Obviously it tugs at peoples heart strings. interesting. HEY HEY!!! Fucked them up with some truth Damnit, you beat me to it. At least I didn't have to be "that guy" to make a let it go "joke" :p Too young for "lil'snax". That's for her rebellious teenage years.  Rat is kill  "I'm *walkin'* here, ***I'm Walkin'!!***" YOU'RE A BIG FAT PHONY! &gt; [Langes Messer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night_of_the_Long_Knives)

(Disclaimer: I'm German.)
 http://i.imgur.com/esk6fa5.png How nice of him.

You should put a sign on the tree next week "oranges- $1 each". Seeing as how faded the arrows painted on the ground are.. I have to disagree with you. love that your son is dressed dapper. 

shows he cared to say goodbye in the upmost respect. up vote. best answer here even though it appears this is a repost Hey. Guy. Shut the fuck up! That's really odd . oranges are fairly common in FL.

Know what isn't though? Cows. When my family from FL visited me they awed when we drove by farms because it was the first time they'd seen cows in real life. I was like how can you not have cows in Florida o.O? I can't drive 10 miles without seeing a fuckin cow here I feel bad for the guy whose bike got fucked up. [Here](http://goraguer.fr/wp/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/Appartement-prive-4.jpg) is a higher res version of this image.  [Here](http://goraguer.fr/appartement/appartement-prive/) is the source.  Credit to the architect, Alia Bengana. Are you saying that you were going to be 2 seconds late to work initially? Had my buddy Billy for four beautiful years, had the best times with him, until the day of my best friends birthday. He died wrapped in a towel in my arms. RIP Billy. You were truly the best pal a girl could ask for.  no no no. 5 minutes early is 10 minutes late There's a syrian saying which goes along the lines of,   . 
Pronounced: (Kil taakhera, bkheera)
Which means for every late things, there's good to come out of it. :) It says right there that it's a Canadian show.  You immediately need a Surge, put on jncos and to watch the movie Hackers. Stat! You can't tell the caliber of a parent by the behavior of their kids?  Wouldn't it be "if I had?"

I might be wrong, though. English is not my first language. I feel for him. I had a ratty that needed to be put down. I cried like a little bitch for days but thankfully I still had her sister. They are marvelous creatures. Chin up little dude. &lt;3 Ahhh the reason I refuse to live in a clustered area people able to look in each others windows.  Dammit I was gonna post him. I love Sandman. That guy has a lot of hose. Target:  For people who are OK with paying a bit more, if it means they don't have to go into Walmart. Things change over time. Even if a structure was architecturally sound many years ago when it was inspected, that's no guarantee that it still is.

Buildings need maintenance. Checking on those spreading cracks is maintenance. You need a 1951 Cadillac with spare-tire parking. http://youtu.be/vfq7NNYEHcg yes OP doesn't drive.

http://www.reddit.com/r/LosAngeles/comments/20xplq/parked_at_ucla_came_back_to_this/ Nigga I think he just dropped the bar. If he had left two seconds earlier it would have made no difference because the traffic lights he waited in wouldn't have changed 2 seconds earlier. If you don't like it, downvote and move on.  Your post was pointless.   Em, what street is this sign on? Is that a TARDIS? People were offended by a cute picture of the OPs daughter before surgery?! WTH is wrong with everyone.

Thank you OP for sharing, and I'm glad to hear she is recovering well. [My Comrade Shiba](http://i.imgur.com/FC2kHQo.jpg) would like to join your party [Lol, fuuuuuck yooooou](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2hsi8w/til_indian_housewives_hold_11_of_the_worlds_gold/). You have been subscribed to Cat Facts!  My favourite plant. I remember when I was a kid this always used to be in my fridge as my mother used to apply it to her face. My mother had a plant which lived a long time.

 Avilo is that you? Cars aren't supposed to drive off bridges, but they still have railings. Cars aren't supposed to drive outside of marked lines, but they still pave the road there. Cars aren't supposed to go around corners above the posted speed limit, but they still design the curvature so that you can speed through it. 

If everything was designed expecting people would follow the rules, then we would have a lot of huge problems. Things are designed with the expectation that there are many idiots and many people who ignore the rules. This makes things safer. [Shoutout to the actual source of comrade Doge](http://daddydommunismkills.tumblr.com/post/99943073635/so-recently-reddit-found-this-picture-of-my) I know whose car this is...now I just need proof from you that you know whose it is.

edit: grammar At least it fell into the correct lane, so people trying to exit could still get out.

edit: typo *WHOOSH* &gt; but then again that's reddit in a nutshell


Yeh not trying to jerk tears and be miserable and find sadness in everything, fuck me right?


I don't give a shit about commas. *My* point was that he lived a great life and there is no sadness in death.


But go ahead keep feeling sorry for yourself until you strike that karma gold. It's bad right now. Gentrification is bloating the cost of living to absurd proportions. I figured they named him after [Rizzo the Rat.](https://www.google.com/search?site=imghp&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=hp&amp;biw=1325&amp;bih=608&amp;q=rizzo+the+rat) They gawna take mah knees baws then you're a fucking asshole It goes to show that it doesn't matter what size an animal is, the love between an owner and pet is unconditional. 

(I got made fun of for crying when my pet gerbil died in early 2014. She waited to hear my voice before she finally gave up thinking I was there.) I don't think a rubber mat will protect your bumper too much from dents, which are the more costly fix. Scratches you can usually buffer and touch up... dents not so much.  No, someone stole Hubble and bootlegged this picture. Almost there and I can't wait! Hopefully you did it so I can downvote OP's shitpost ! Fuck, no. j love What ever happened to scum bag Steve tho? Or better yet Good Guy Greg?  In non-related news, accidents in nearby intersections increase 300% You paid $100 for that?! Well,  only thing with that is the chance to scuff your bumper.  Soda may not be but kochakaden lemon tea and the hot Georgia Coffees sure are.  you are *annoying*! We have giant ass deer that will leap out in front of you and fuck up your vehicle.  I think I'd rather have the 'gators. But..... you're not wearing socks..... Imagine all that oil and minerals being sold for just this one little cheque. It snowed last night :X Paid Sick time is guaranteed for hourly employees in CT, 1 hour accrued for every 40 worked Of course it was a Toyota driver. Would have *fallen* on your head. Seems like something has has already done that though. He's already waited 10 months to move it.

http://www.reddit.com/r/LosAngeles/comments/20xplq/parked_at_ucla_came_back_to_this/ I was thinking more like a Norman Rockwell painting minus the folksy people. Nice pic, btw. [Foo Fighters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLdJQFTnZfA) &gt;This isn't any more dangerous than a sidewalk outside a shop or the shoulder on a residential street and there are no regulations that say you have to have a car-proof railing there.

For one, building regulations aren't covered under the same category as most of the things you mentioned, which could account for part of the reason there is a difference. 

Secondly, it's *far* easier to put a little extra bit of concrete up in a parking garage then it is to put extra concrete up beside *every* sidewalk. If it was relatively simple and cheap, they might have the same regulations for sidewalks - though I'm just speculating at this point, and could be wrong because sidewalks, bridges, etc also have extra conditions to consider that a building like this doesn't, such as traffic flow, emergency vehicle access, handicapped access, and far more that I have no idea about.  I also really liked Max Schneider's and Mike Tompkins's cover of the song! 15-20k is piss poor for 3 years of being featured in advertising. I'm not even being elitist. Over 3 years he should have made at least 3x times that and could have easily if he had a decent manager. me too :( No they didnt. That's a long exposure picture. The human eye cant see that anyways. Sigh... That's the whole point. I'm going to say it was a coincidence.  It's different text and a different video. http://m.imgur.com/FTRhsIW Well considering the video only has about 5 pixels, I'm guessing they haven't figured out how to crop video....

Or torrent software...

Or not use unregistered hypercam 2... I second this. :) Wait, what's Donald Trump doing out without his handlers? Is this your home? This looks a lot like the house I grew up in. Dammit, I did not need these feels before work!  I'm sorry for your loss.  My sister has pet rats, and I know how funny, smart, and loving these creatures can be, and I know how hard it can be to say goodbye to such a furry little friend. In the south there are only two non-alcoholic beverages, sweet tea and not sweat tea The Georgia ones... they came out hot and you would use them as a hand warmer during the winter.  100Y a piece.... so good.  I love the 90's! PART DUUUUUUUUH Well sure, *now.* I must be in r/circlejerk... Where is the woman behind the wheel? Whoever he is he's gotta be 36 by now. http://imgur.com/9XeXJF2 &gt;Sounds like my old man. He loves to plow Tough girl. Glad to hear she came through it well, OP. Here's to a speedy recovery. So you can were 2 seconds late for work? Stupid school only went one direction in time. How the fuck do they expect me to put up with that shit? Walk through that with me. What are you doing in public washrooms might I ask? I go there to pee and poo, maybe look in a mirror and then I wash my hands. Maybe to change a baby, or care for a toddler or elder.

Assuming everyone goes into their stalls and does their business, how is another persons clothing and style choice, gender expression, or anything about them, affecting you in any way at all as you go about your business?
 Grandma should be put away... for that face ! Muahhaaha. I'm Done. am I too late to make a Final Destination joke? I have sat in front many times with tons of legroom because there is not a seat in front of me. Haha I've gotta go through the city I guess. My building manager just moved the hinges and said its fine. Damn, the repost game is real  Took 3 -4 hits, the tail fell off, had to go.get a shovel. [Here is the *naked* eye](http://i.imgur.com/ZWPDxIP.jpg) aftermath. 

It's not me however, picked it up from [this twitter](http://i.imgur.com/kAgTKhk.jpg?1) feed. 

Blacked out since not sure how mods feel in regards to *personal information*. Even if it's twitter.  /r/unitinu Turn off: nose rings. Okay thanks, I just posted under /r/images Next time you see him give him a bag of oranges! Cry me a river, cunt. airplanes Priorities I want a fox. :\ I can take a close up pic of my tv just as easily...  Is the star that goes supernova in that image? please teach me how to get foxes to come chill with me.
im very jealous of you right now Imagine seeing a bomb with a lit fuse that is 1000 light years away. You know how big the bomb is and how short the fuse is, so you don't have to see it go off to know that it probably went off a long time ago. You're doing well. You even bought a Fitbit to be as slim as a Disney princess.  [Yeah dude! Just pop a Mentos!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmbCVSj5_zM)

(nsfw) Owning a home like this would feel empowering, like you could do anything. Even two chicks at the same time. "Still have to write you up for being late" ~Boss Overly dramatic and click baity title I've smashed the fuck out of situations like that.  Probably.  I'm not well read in the ways of advertising and profits from them, and I've not read heavily into WHAT he was used in entirely.

So, I'm probably way off. God. Damn. Your like the old Yeller of the rat world. Didn't expect these feels. He is going to get vengeance on the vet that neutered him.  Successful businessmen in the 90s obviously didn't drive orange volkswagon bugs.  Really?  Damn. more like /r/repost ya douche.  The two people 30 feet away that happen to be in the background?   There is a traffic light on my way to work that is literally ~20% of my commute if I hit it wrong.  If I get it green, I'm under 10 minutes.  If it changes right in front of me, it is red for a full 2 minutes. I timed it.  120 seconds almost on the dot.

Fuck you that red light. Sly looks baked. bat,bat,bat,bat,bat,bat,bat I was grabbing a tv off the wall at work and placed it on the ground. I squatted. No showing off... Just thought it was funny
 Please don't shoot us. lol if anyone is a loser, it would be the guy with:


131,160 link karma

292,978 comment karma


And Google says you are obsessed with My Little Pony. No surprise.  Well Frodo is also notorious for fingering butts while taking pics with fans. She's hitting the front while he covers the back. Lays with himself. Loses. What assumptions did I make, specifically?

I dont see how asking you to explain yourself makes me immature. Lets say you cut off 4.5 minutes each commute, that's 9 mins a day and during an average week your saving 45 minutes. If we extrapolate out to a work year you are now at 37.5 hours saved by speeding 10mph faster in one year if you worked 52, 5 day weeks. You generally ill work from 25 years of age until 65 years of age which is 40 years, which brings you to a grand total of 1500 hours saved or 62.5 days of driving.

Kind of makes you think about how much time we waste commuting to our jobs? The capitalist cat must fall, but not on it's legs this time... Cats are less work than a rat. Feed it. Thats pretty much it. Rats need tons of attention. You can leave a cat home alone for days, but you can't for pretty much any other animal. O, man that's cool. A [blue grosbeak](http://birds.audubon.org/sites/default/files/imagecache/bird-full/species_images/Blue_Grosbeak_c22-37-091_l_1.jpg) maybe. not necessarily.  Think about it, your internet savvy could force any meme into a campaign, right? right.  so these companies are going for the lowest bidder.  this guy isn't shaq. DAMMIT JERRY translation? I've been subscribed to /r/pics for over 4 years and now I am very close to unsubbing.

Is there a replacement sub that contains actually interesting pics? Or "We are" 5 minutes tops and i am out of there. just takes some patience. living in chicago i've been boxed in like this. its not a big deal. The internet. Way to go, Timex My little boy just turned 4. We've got 3 dogs, two who are both now 15, and one who is about 8. One of the 15 year olds is a Golden Retriever who was first diagnosed with dysplaysia at 11 months old. When my son was born, I just hoped that she'd live long enough for him to always have at least a fuzzy memory of his beloved Naya. She's the reason he crawled at 5 months old---he HAD to get to her. She's the reason he walked at 9 and a half months old, again, he HAD to get to her. Now she's even older, nobody expected her to make it this far. I carry her up and down the steps each morning and night, but she holds her urine fine and eats fine and keeps her meds down, and she GENUINELY looks forward to seeing all of us every day. My son understands her fragility, and still loves and hugs and pets her every single day---although if he wants to romp he knows it has to be with the 8 year old dog instead.

Now, though, my son uses words like "Die." Not regarding his Naya, but just as part of his lexicon. I know he understands the concept without grasping the nature of the word. Now, though, as I look at the looming knowledge that she's simply not ever going to quit waking up next to me, and that at some point I'm going to HAVE to make the decision for her, I realize that it's going to hurt my son nearly as much as it will hurt me, and that makes it that much worse.

In the end, though, I know it's a valuable lesson for him. I know he can't know the depth of love without knowing the harshness of loss. She's done more than everything she was ever supposed to do as a dog, and I tell her that. I tell her that she's made us all better, and she knows.

I got my wish...and now I have no idea what the hell I'm going to do about it. I've had a few rats in my life. One of them was hiding behind my couch. My dog was laying there, staring at the rat, waiting for it to come out and play. Well, that rat snuck away, went over to my dog's food bowl and stole a single kibble from the bowl. He then ran back toward the couch and ran right over my dog's paws before going back behind the couch to eat his ill-gotten kibble. Funniest thing I've ever seen. &gt;Only an idiot would drive through that.

He's not wrong. There are a few breeders in the US. I'd Google and link it for you but I'm on my phone.  And attack dogs. Just be sure to fence off the dogs so they don't visit the landmines.  I mean, it's not that important anyway, since you'll just learn a bunch of nonsense there I'll have to un-learn you of.


Source: teach psych to college students. Fat kid pretending to be the Hulk jumps from his window onto the car. Just got a 6 a couple days ago and I love it. I almost went with the + for the extra battery life, but prior to this I went from an iPhone 5 to a Galaxy s5 (ugh) and I missed the more compact size of the iPhone. Yeah OP is such a bad dad. I mean seriously. It probably took him like 5 minutes to post this. He should have been with his daughter, even though it was probably during the surgery when he was not allowed in the room that he posted it. You know more about this guys life and his abilities as a dad I am gonna side with you on this. It will take you having kids and I don't mean to sound like a condescending asshole saying that.  Its super cliched but I never felt the kind of love I have for him before he was born.  I'm not a violent person but if this man had an accident that resulted in the death of my son, I have never been more ready or at peace with the idea of killing another human being in my life.  If my son is gone, I have nothing to live for, again this is something that probably takes having a kid to realize because I sure as hell didn't think like this before him. your dad was 18 and staff sargeant at that time ?? Laughing quietly here The problem with this is that there is always that one neighbor who's an idiot who complains because the snow was on the wrong side of the driveway or something like that. That usually discourages these acts of kindness from reoccurring.  Everybody then loses. He's saying their customer base is fickle and buys shit based on meaningless social trends and nothing else.

See /u/lusty_zerba comment:  

&gt;stores like Forever 21, H&amp;M, and Zara are sucking up their **former** customer base.

Nothing is stopping wet seal from being successful come spring. Most assuredly not some bullshit trending on twitter. http://imgur.com/FKUTgKl Look doe I thawt I could m8ket Dawg. SMH ~ HI4Li BlasiaN Lice

 #Rekt

fucinkg cidks... Russia presumably used the [US$7.2 million as part of the repayment of the UK15 million they owed the Rothschilds](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alaska_Purchase). If this was grown in America, the Union of Onion Growers would probably have him killed.   #conspircytheories. Did she try and get a picture of the driver? It's not your image. I had to find a comment you made here so I could directly tell you.   Hmm 20 for the t-shirt... maybe 35 for the hoodie. Those plushies are always over priced, plus some sick buttons. I feel like it should be slightly cheaper but im jealous and want all of those. Damn, glad you're ok! that is what i wonder.  when i lived in the city, i kept the hitch in my truck.  it kept people off my bumper.

Also once a lady very lightly taped my truck at a stop light.  she stopped, but then the weight of her wheel chair ramp caused her van to go foward more.  Her license plate hit my hitch.  

in the end, it saved my truck from any damage. and she was so sorry, and in the end no harm done. i'm gonna take a wild guess and say you got this from that 8chan /b/ thread last night P.S. please if you get a chanse put some flowrs on Algernons grave in the bak yard. That is a high level degree of stupid right there.  Not a resident of Detroit, and frankly I don't have a dog in the fight, but *Jesus* are Detroit jokes old.  I don't care what metropolitan area OP shits on, but good lord come up with something original.  

[LOL LOOK WHAT I FOUND FUNNY OC](http://i258.photobucket.com/albums/hh279/bruntosj/DancingBaby-1.gif) Now you can repeat it and claim it as your own!  The reddit circle is complete! I find it to be more casual. Because, if that surgeon had messed up in any way that caused death or something that would ruin his kiddo's life or livelihood he would probably have killed him. I'm a mom, I can confirm the need to kill things that hurt your kid. It was worth all that karma... when will these stupid fucking trends die? "woah look how whacky and cool I am!" just stop No it wouldn't have as you would just be waiting for red lights to turn green, which are not decided by when you leave home.

If you had been walking under there 2 seconds earlier, the car would have fell on top of your head. That was Tony Stark's face being hit by the shockwave produced by the force of Captain America turning his head. I emailed her to find out. Looks good.  Muhfuckas with guts like that ain't off the cheeseburgers dawg, muhfuckas with guts like that is definitely *on* the cheeseburgers nomesayin?  I get more upset seeing an animal in pain or dying than a person. 

Example, watch commando. Arnie kills at least 100 dudes in that, probably more. Felt nothing for them. 

Watch Marley and me.... I live in Atlanta...with a 4mi commute that takes about 30min. Speeding isn't even possible...but it doesn't prevent jackasses from speeding down the road into oncoming traffic to make it into a turn lane. Downvoted because he's a cunt and one positive comment out of ten doesn't make him not a cunt. Why does that guy know so much shit.  Cats really don't take that much of your time. You feed and water them twice a day, give them affection when they want it (usually less than you want to give them), and that's pretty much it. Apart from the odd vet visit and application of flea treatment. Goddamn dude, glad you're OK. in that particular case, your income level might also factor in. A few hundred dollars is a couple of months' disposable income for me, and having to save up just to replace something a family member destroyed without remorse would leave me irate in ways that few things would. Matter of fact, a few years ago I had a family member break a PS3 (back when they were still around $250 used and my income was even -lower-) and she and I didn't speak at all for several months. Nice - had a good thought for her.  Personally, I adhere to [Vince Lombardi time] (http://bleacherreport.com/articles/300787-time-according-to-vince-lombardi) Good call pointing out that spelling mistake. With a joke as a bonus? You truly are a reddit gem.  Well, it would have been quite awkward to lock the bike to the other side of the railing that fell. Cool check to purchase the 49th of the 60 US states. uhhhh I don't think it's normal for people to drive through railings... You act like this happens on a daily basis. youarewrong.png Hey now &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; It is indeed. Never heard of Keith Haring? Very impactful. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keith_Haring Rattatooie * would have fallen I recently lost both of my rats, both making it to almost 4, and it's terribly hard to go through. I'm so very sorry for your loss, he was a beautiful rat.  It's actually pretty funny. I've got a ~35 mile commute, takes me about 35-40 minutes depending on lights and traffic. The highway speed limit is 70, but I only go 65. I noticed my gas mileage went from 32-33 average to around 35-36 by going 5mph slower. As I do that drive twice a day, 5 days a week, I decided the extra gas mileage was worth the few extra minutes the drive takes me. Plus, I get to listen to more Loveline. Win win. Nice cliches.

Here I can do some too.

As a father, you have to give and take nothing back. You have to be there at all times for your kids and not consider your well being, true fathers do what needs to be done for their family no matter what their personal needs are.
 And the official Pakistani flower is a Mushroom cloud. Not uncommon for safety signs to be in English in other countries. In France it is pretty common to find stop signs where the STOP is in English.  No.. I can't tell if this picture is old.... or just rural....  I like to sit on my patio and listen to the hum of the drones in the evening.
 Boooooo reposter!!!! Booo this man!!!!! I'd actually kinda like to see that tatoo Should really put a NSFW disclaimer on that Billy in 4C! I could tell right away this was Toronto. Awesome! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNGZo5gn_tc He's the hero Gotham deserves, but fuck you he's got his own shit to do. Light the lamp not the rat! &gt; Unless OP parked too close to one of them.

This is my assumption I'm from Detroit. I cannot verify at least it wasn't a bus He looks a bit like a young Steve Pemberton. rip in pepperoncino  Or maybe it's the guy that actually took the time to check out someone else's karma levels.

Part of the reason karma doesn't matter is because what kind of loser actually bothers to check someone else's karma?

Oh wait, you do :) So which flight did you freak out on, get escorted off of, then see explode on take off? There's also an "N" for nuclear. It's actually NMRI (nuclear magnetic resonance imaging) but the general public wouldn't be too keen on going inside something that has the word nuclear in it... so they dropped it. Try shifting him over to Boggle. /r/childfree plug Fuck it, If people park that close they are asking to get hit.  why? i have a 6 speed rsx-s. been boxed in many times. its not difficult to get out. kpax? I was looking at my full grown silver maple and saying "you stop that fucking cracking noise bullshit right now!" Before realizing I had lost the feeling in my face during the 15 seconds I was out there yelling and shaking my fist. Valued at $150 duh. Too bad my boyfriend and I went in on the purchase and put my size down. So he didn't really benefit. Oh well, the risk we took.  Funny, I've found that the people who tend to get in trouble, if it happens at all, are anyone BUT the people who should. You got me, I"m not going to deny that. 1-0 for you, my man. i dream of one day living in a place where I might have a citrus fruit tree growing outside in my yard.  I have a lemon tree but it is indoors and thanks to MONSANTO it will never grow lemons! :( unsubscribe The language is all wrong.  They want employees to be early, not simply on-time. I didn't last very long at UPS for this reason, not to mention that of simply being late too often. It took zooming in on the picture before I saw it. It's a perfect mask for Two-Face's henchmen. It's for the niche community of John Stallone look alike bank robbers It's hard to believe that sturdy gate didn't prevent this. Bullshit, you narcissistic fuckwit. Question - Does your name refer to Canus latrans? Bruno Mars had too many dirty greasy cheeseburgers Is this in MO? That's nice of you! A few years ago my parents neighbors kids started throwing stuff at our door one day, and something made a huge "bang", which scared the shit out of my mother. My dad went over to talk to their dad and I guess their father didn't take too kindly to being told his kids were acting like that, instead of having them apologize or something. My mother thought that the house was being broken into (she's kind of a chicken little) My parents aren't friends with them anymore.  Error 202: Action not recognized 

 User must be subscribed in order to subscribe. 

 Rectifying Action: Subscribe User 

 Thank you for subscribing thank you, i live in lakeview saw this and all thought was "amateurs"  Wouldn't mind getting arrested by him....

No homo. One careful lady owner  Is there something preventing a woman from buying a man a drink? I'd be all kinds of into that. You live to die another day. perfect eggsample of how not to properly deliver eggs It's an invasive species.  Well it said valued at $150... I'm not saying that. It could be but the lack of the "I'll" isn't much proof because foreigners can/do learn thousands of word and many grammar rules in English before contractions.

The most common non English speaking foreign person in the US are from Mexico, and Spanish only has.. is it 4 contractions? Either way they have very few so English contractions are difficult. But "I'll" is the most basic one and the first you learn usually, alongside "I'm" Yes when it is required. Not just to make a parking garage look nicer. I would never say "I don't care" but there was definitely a time where I would have skimmed right past something like this. Now I have a ten month daughter and reading about these types of things really hits me. The old cliche is definitely true, having kids changes you.
 That last comment made me miss my dad. You sound like a pretty awesome daddy. at least you don't go 'commando' What rules did the poster break?  Honest question.  It the pics subreddit.  ITS A FUCKING PIC.   10 minutes late is "you're fired" My old bedroom was the same it's cause of the weather going from cold to hot and what not like in the winter you had to slam the door for it to shut and in the summer you could shut it but it was warped  I know for a fact that I am. Thanks, see someone gets it. That very not sarcastic reply was exactly what I assumed everyone would say. Full coverage...I like it! I found the engineer. If that isn't the posture of a man who just said, "Well shit.." I don't know what is... I was unaware that clicking a link to a profile makes one a loser.

I would say being constantly on reddit, and loving my little pony would make one a loser.

Nice try though Lucas. unsubscribe That kid has some big ass feet. Well? Did she go? I'd like to believe she stayed home and baked cookies with you all day  welp looks like two people are about to have some serious bumper damage today. Lights here are timed so that if you're speeding 10 mph, you hit all the greens. If you go the speed limit, you get to watch every light turn red right before you get there.

Why yes, we do have traffic problems. Why do you ask? am i the only one who thought this was roman atwood 4 a sec? Error 202: Action not recognized 

 User must be subscribed in order to subscribe. 

 Rectifying Action: Subscribe User 

 Thank you for subscribing [Full sign] (http://imgur.com/dFqILpd)  As a guy who identifies as a guy and is straight, I don't get the genitalia fear.  Dudes will straight up put their entire body into a urinal to pee.  I tried that once.  I got piss all over my clothes and dick.   If you don't want to see another guy's junk, don't look down and over at it.   :( good luck. Have fun? :)  jk

But yeah if it's as you mention, get someone to check it sooner than later. It'll be safer for you. And likely cheaper. I bet he just got a new snowblower and just wanted to play with it.  Think about all the times you would have been killed if you hadn't left on time. no its not, its called street parking Ha, awesome! I just finished reading the one with the Corinthian in it (The Doll's House). So far enjoying the Sandman books a lot. is it....is it moving? I'll put this here...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN_VgVEZD0k Not too many other countries are going to have a BMW, Toyota and what looks to be a Corvette behind a Range Rover in any random parking lot.
 This Jackdaw yes. ive been boxed in many times. heres a video of someone getting out.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfMVB6X8qMA Thanks :) Airbags didn't deploy?  Say Aloha to my little friend.  &lt;crunch&gt; There were way more comments with congratulations than hate.  But the hateful comments were upvoted 5 to 1.   I thought maybe the mexican cartels lost a shipment they were trying to smuggle in. Well ... okay, so that's a shark shank. Those Hawaiians did not fuck around. You can't say someone is a bad person because of something their offspring did. pulls out bucket list: "kangaroo hug" The trick is to ease slowly into each car.  The rubber keeps it from scratching, while going at a snails pace prevents dents.   my boss would still look at his watch, frown, and make a comment about "banker's hours".  It looks like a frog to me. Anybody else? Is this the Hyatt in Anaheim? 3.) No hobo pee and used condoms Big Boss says "I'm no hero." diegojones4, I would like to buy your clock. it's debatable and doesn't translate into English directly in any meaningful way and few of the "words" are just sounds - like "abracadabra".  I'm not an authority, I've just been to Tibet and it's carved into and painted on everything.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Om_mani_padme_hum If you get to work two seconds after you're supposed to be there, they consider that late? http://imgur.com/yisa1am
http://imgur.com/G2VzwyO

I flipped it upside down and traced the best I could  stop Not to mention the handle clearly says sweetened  As a Cedar Rapidian in Phoenix now, I really miss this :-( Sounds like the kind of place where when you know you're a minute late you shrug and don't even go in. Excellent policy, losing an employee for a day instead of a minute. None the less. I am jealous.  Very pretty.
The nose ring is a little much though Ignore the other post. The pillar on the left is black star shenron and the pillar on the right is the normal shenron  Just remember he was ready to go. His body was older and wiser than ours. One day, we'll both be old and sick and ready to go, and we'll understand what its like.We was loved, and kept safe and happy. He had a good life, but he accepted his mortality, and understood it better than we yet understand our own. I think that OP is going to need a new bicycle... Soo... A bit of both? Safelite Repair Safelite replace Especially if you take time to takes photos from multiple angles. I would take out a wrench and smash both of the mirrors and windshield, on both vehicles. If I have to pay for new bumpers because of you I'm going to make your bill more than mine. Tastes like off-water  First thing I thought of... Giant Snow Wasps. So you guys have crazy Kangaroo ladies in Australia? This is why you have to be late to work everyday. You know? Safety reasons.  There will be a new one added along with a nice fine. Can you pet her? In the Branson area, if I am not mistaken. Plus they live much longer @ about 15 years.  People seem so surprised when they discover how smart they are. When I see mention of chinchillas being distant or impersonal I assume that it's either been neglected or improperly handled.  I expect to always be a puff momma! That is beautiful. Taken at Hermanus backpackers in South Africa Ignore the haters, I loved it. Congratulations! Ice vulva. Hah, you're a punk ass bitch. urban foxes are disgusting disease-ridden vermin.  they should bring back hunting - and allow for urban hunts; gatherings of chavs loosing packs of mastiffs to search and destroy foxes dens in derelict houses and the like.  tally ho! I watch How The Universe Works and get stoned on science. The hubble deep space picture of billions of galaxies just blows my damned mind. Damn only stains! Good to know make sure its sits well [He posted it under this name, though.](https://www.reddit.com/user/boredinatx)

So either the original OP is a shitposter and shitposts under multiple names, or this OP just reposted a shitpost from yesterday and is claiming it as their own. honestly if someone parked that close to me on either side after i parked and it prevented me from getting out, i'll just pace up and down the side of the car waiting for them, with my key on their door as i walk You sexist! Where's Vivica A? This is Gold(berg)! I used these in high school biology. They really do help. The Irish, and England from 1650 or so.
 I'm taking this as a compliment to my exceptional photo bombing skills... "You know, with a flick of my paw things could end very poorly for you my slobbery friend.  I could end your life with as much a care as I play with my mouse toy, because I am cat and feel no remorse for the things that I do." His parents were killed, 9 times each.  Balaclava: McKayla Maroney Signature Edition This sounds crazy but isn't too hard, you can pick the back of your car up and pivot it out. Engine is in the front.

Most of the time two people can do it with ease, Im a bit bigger and I can say there is a chance you can do it alone. 
 But in this case, OSHA says it is illegal.
 I used to work at a beer distributor here in Pennsylvania and I saw multiple people do this. I would even say "just be careful closing your door because it looks like you might be cutting it close" when I helped them load it into their car...and they just go and slam and then boom, big crack across their window. OP says TOP of head but what about BOTTOM? Have you ever had a car fall on the bottom of your head? http://i.imgur.com/I1X6N2K.jpg I don't buy it.  I can't see any scenario of you leaving your house two seconds earlier that would have changed the patterns of the street lights and traffic to allow you to show up exactly two seconds ahead of when you did. Nananananananana CATMAN That's great to hear thanks for informing me pal "Oh look! A penny!" Yup thought so!  We stop there when we go to Branson.   [Female cats are "polyestrous," which means they may have many heat periods over the course of a year. A heat period lasts about 4 to 7 days if the female is bred; if she is not, the heat period lasts longer and recurs at regular intervals.](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-04/enhanced/webdr06/4/16/enhanced-11250-1396642699-11.jpg) Aah, yes, as opposed to ye ole'  fairytale-broomstick, which is slower, no? Another guy that saw the accident happen followed the driver. /r/pics would be more appropriate without you in here. Ever. Yeah, what a dick. Ugh of course!!! Parking in LA is hell, parking anywhere within walking distance to UCLA campus is much, much worse than hell. 


Source: went to UCLA, owned a car ((what was I thinking?!)) And here I thought Forrest had that place bulldozed years ago for Jenny. "Put the baby in the basket!" Rabies was eradicated in the UK nearly a century ago.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prevalence_of_rabies#United_Kingdom No gold 4 u
 deeper http://i.imgur.com/ADJTtKT.jpg If I ever have kids, I'll let them skip once or twice without being sick each year when it's one of those times where there's no break coming up and there's not test to study for etc. I'll make a deal with them where they can just be honest and tell me they'd rather stay home and play video games or go the fair or something. During middle school and high school, though, maybe about the same. For some reason I remember middle school being super hard for me. but high school was super easy. So I guess through out, I'd let them have at least 2 skip days.


Sometimes 2 days just isn't enough. especially if you only get saturday to yourself to do what you want and then your parents drag you to church wasting the entire day while Monday looms over your head. Sunday feels worse than Monday because you don't get to enjoy. Saturday is great because you have a buffer day. And Friday is nice because when you leave school, you dont have to worry about tomorrow. i remember going over to my friends house friday night and spending the whole weekend there. It was like an adventure each time. We'd always talk about Sunday felt terrible because we all had to go back to class.

I'd let my kids have a monday off. Hell, if i end up being middle class, I'd even take them to the doctor saying they have a tummy ache so i can get them a doctor's note. but only during elementary. I dont want them to miss out on learning too much. I feel like I could fill in the gaps during the elementary period. Maaan, my non-existent kids don't know how good they have it. No, that was me. He's just selling hotdogs.  But who would they tow?

If I was the car in front and I'd parked there before OP I'd be seriously pissed if they towed my car because he hadn't left enough room between us. I've been in similar situations and doing stuff like taking pictures and posting them or playing stupid games on your phone or whatever are *extremely* helpful in keeping you from panicking. For preop, surgery, and recovery, there will probably be *hours* when the dad can't be with his daughter and can't do anything except freak the fuck out. 

Next to valium, getting your mind, at least a tiny bit, off your problems can be all that's standing between you and a "call an ambulance" level of anxiety attack. 

 NO problem BUDDY. ANYTHING for my GOOD ole' pal!!  Just saying something is banned will never work. If you *really* wanted to ban "guns" in a city, you'd first have to set up road blocks and customs going in to the city to prevent guns from getting in.

After you've successfully prevented guns from entering the city, you must methodically purge all of the illegal guns that have already gotten in.

I'm not advocating banning guns in any single city, just trying to express how Chicago banning guns is a ridiculous quarter-ass decision and not reflective of any city, state, or country *actually* banning guns. This is magnificent! Thanks for the update, biggysnax.  Can you tell me a bit more about MRIs then? As far as I understand we have a big electro magnet that is cooled by liquid helium. Is the magnetic field permanently on? Shouldn't you be able to shut down the magnet without draining the helium? Are MRIs always running, even when they are not in use? I think its more in the lines of how you are only alive because whatever events happened from when you got up this morning to when you got to work saved your life.  does he look like a cat to you? Butterfly effect.
If you had left for work 2 seconds earlier you could've started World War 3, somehow... A gay guy I knew bought a house and there was a plum tree in the back yard. When he was a child living in New Hampshire (or Vermont?) his mom would buy one small package of four (or five) plums each year, in season and each family member would get one (for the year). When he saw the plum tree he was ecstatic, since he knew he'd get more plums than he'd ever had as a child.

Little did he realize the fecundity of nature. When the season started, he carefully and conscientiously picked each plum as it ripened or fell to the ground. Soon he had more plums than he could eat. So he started canning them and then giving them away.

Eventually even that was too much and he only kept the ones which fell and were unblemished. But I guess he finally got over his plum-deprived childhood.

And being gay probably had nothing to do with it, but your story reminded me of him. I can tell you EXACTLY how it was overlooked. Someone offered the engineer who stamped the designs a nice payoff to look the other way. 

I work regularly with Mechanical and Mining engineers and most of them have told me at least once every few jobs someone offers them a FAT cash payment, or a car, etc to overlook a bunch of usually minor building code violations, etc that will probably not get picked up by inspectors or cause an issue where something goes wrong, but they save a lot of money by not following them. 

All of the ones I have talked to anyway say it is very hard to say no, they often get 6 figure bribes to look the other way, but they all told me the same thing. IF something does happen, your job is finished. BEST CASE you will only loose your credibility and ability to stamp drawings, etc and will need to pick a new line of work, WORST case you kill someone and go to jail, so none of the ones I know at least admitted to me of accepting these bribes but have said they know colleagues who have. 

If you inspect that building I will bet you will find other violations the engineer stamped that shouldn't have, and there will be a mechanical engineer who loses his job over this. 

This is also the reason engineers are paid so much for there stamp they take on A TON of liability and have to be VERY VERY good at reviewing drawings, etc to MAKE DAMN sure nothing is done wrong, because if something is done wrong it is on whoever stamped those designs / drawings. 

Well, that is how it is in Canada. I am not sure about other places. But I have worked with some Americans as well and I think it is very similar there as well.  You have (at least) one unread email. You definitely have quite some talent there! Looks fantastic I've had one of my daughters in surgery last year. It was only very minor but seeing my little girl rolling into surgery was the toughest thing I've had too deal with so far in my life. It's great to read everything went as planned for your daughter.  http://awesomegifs.com/wp-content/uploads/nathan-fillion-well-nevermind.gif Engage the E-brake.

Turn the wheel where you want the front to go.

Put it into 1st [or Drive] and spin the tires till your front end clears the car.
 You look obee-kaybee. Female drivers.  Is that airbag fail or... is it not supposed to go off? I drive a manual, I find an auto easier in this case. See: Big Dig.

Never underestimate the power of corruption and greed. I'm making a guess the OP, but considering the OP owns an orange tree, he/she wouldn't buy more oranges with it if it is valuable. Thanks for adding to my list of nightmares.  Mike Wizowski! oh my god It looks like the 1st pic is right side up What, exactly, on your resume would excuse your ignorance about American values? Genuinely really sorry for you and your wife mate. I'm just a stranger over the Internet but I sincerely hope you're both ok.  "The floor will save me." What religion would this come from? Is it a native Tibetan or something a bit more widespread? Would seem strange finding this in suburban North Texas!  Oh baby I hear the blues a-callin'... That's a stunning picture. Seriously I teared up. Caught me way off guard. But can it fit a [nuclear warhead](https://i.imgur.com/pkOIWb6.jpg)? His LA brother?

http://imgur.com/i4C5yKI [Try this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJG698U2Mvo) then. You can use gas to euthanize pets yourself. It's as humane(if not more) than driving them to a cold steel table to be put down. 

I know if I was a small animal I'd rather be at home with people who love me than a vet's unfamiliar office. 

Depending on the animal some vets will also come to you for euthanasia.  Weights vary, but figure 6-9 lbs. loaded, it can get old after awhile, especially if it is not over one's shoulder.   Squirrels are  Douchbags of the woods. Especially the little red bastards.  well...happy birthday then!!!!! Hey, I'm not looking for another checkmark in my life list - I'm looking at a fascinating tattoo. Man, you're really going all out with the whole "this happened to me" story huh? http://www.reddit.com/r/LosAngeles/comments/20xplq/parked_at_ucla_came_back_to_this/ Yeah, but if time went the other way you'd do the same thing to him. Your submission was removed as it violates rule I: No pictures with added/superimposed text. Depending on the severity ('90-'99), it will go away on its own in 1-10 years. Yeah? The shiny head, beady eyes, vest-puffed chest, tats, the low-slung pistol ... they're doing it for you? Mine isn't the tamest it isn't the best to get out but once out she is a snugglebug i don't care what type of bird it is. it's a pretty piece of art.  Am I the only one that thinks the adults are actually cuter than the babies? No one. That's the problem Is that the Situation on the phone? Sweet parking spot.  Innovative. Flowers for Rizzo With a high of -7 tomorrow, I'm a little more jealous of your current location ;) Although, the snow sure is beautiful! But then, no karma for OP.  Put it in your mouth. A guy I know was always late to work.  He worked for the Port Authority in the World Trade Center.  One day in 2001 he stopped for a bagel on his way into the office even though he knew he was already late.  

A bagel saved his life. I like you. Just do a barrel roll  Yes, but then says "being late saved my life", and also "if I'd left 2 seconds earlier".

Being late = saved life

2 seconds difference = saved life

...it seems like the OP considers being late = 2 seconds. ^^^it ^^^was ^^^me http://i.imgur.com/B3FKhYf.png You couldn't have left two seconds earlier. Gay in the sense that it's fashionably couture.  It's not kmart wear. Nice figure (Jada) but her face always killed it for me. na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na  Shit like that kinda makes you wonder. OK, not nearly as dramatic. In 2003 I was walking under an archway at the Tacoma Glass Museum in Tacoma Washington, when a very heavy solid metal panel randomly fell off of the side of the structure and landed right where I was about to step. It made a huge banging sound and to this day there's still a big dent in the cement where it landed. Pretty sure it would have killed me. [Here's a picture](http://imgur.com/BFhsCVc).  Methinks you're a wee bit drunk, laddie. No, I think they did a good job with the WTC1. Straight lines represent strength and given what happened, it was a good choice.  I read this as "woman greeted by one of 40 kangaroos who destroyed her home."  Was wondering why the hug? HULK smashed... :-( Oh, I didn't look that far into your history!  A few $20's slipped to the building inspector? Are those fake colors?  Or maybe you don't work 50hrs/wk. 

*nah I'm an asshole* Fiat 500, not Volkswagen. Nobody gives a fuck about you, so I guess it's even. The guy behind you parked like an asshole, but so did you.  It's your own fault as much as it is his.  lol Not sure exactly what OPs cause is but I can say that I've been in the same situation, my marriage sucks, I hate my job, my life in general is chaotic and unenjoyable... except for the joy I get from my daughter. We were told we would never have kids and she was a miracle. I look at this gangly blonde thing that looks a lot like I did when I was younger, is a weirdo just like me, and is literally the only thing in life that seems to bring me joy. Anything that impacts her negatively will have a large 30 year old quasi-suicidal combat veteran and a seriously disproportionate escalation of force to deal with. Cute! /r/awww might like as well :3 Nose rings like that are so ugly.  The fig tree was used as a metaphor for the nation of Israel (see Jeremiah 24, for example).

In both passages in the Gospels where the story of Jesus cursing the fig tree are mentioned, it's immediately after a confrontation with the Jewish religious authorities (Matthew 21, Mark 11).

The point Jesus was making is that the "tree" of Israel had the appearance of fruitfulness (ritualistic devotion) while being entirely barren of anything useful (having a love for God and for people). He then cursed the tree to unfruitfulness--a metaphor that played itself out in the book of Acts as the Jewish people continued to reject Jesus while the non-Jews flocked to the church in droves. This is why I always tell people to leave space between them and the car in front of them.



Some people just can't city. you clearly never went to college. we loaded kegs into any type of vehicle on a weekly basis without issue.  *Sigh...*

Right after I saw this picture I thought to myself, "Im going to have to get my pitch fork out, aren't I?" Sure enough, OPs faggotry knows no bounds.

Pitch forks here! Get your pitch forks here! -----E Would have fallen  [Beep](http://slurmed.com/fanart/javier/180_calculon's-half-evil-bro.gif) Let the witch hunt begin "Nothing drives down property values like a good old fashion gang war" That kind of drop and no airbag ? Well, as long as you keep to your lane in there, you'd be fine. But if living in a building with a garage like this was any indication, the rules are "30mph and wide corners" ...unless they make that a feature of the contract, as this company did. Now ***THAT'S*** funny! /r/pic I'd shop at Target over Walmart every single time... if there was one closer than 30 miles away. Which is a hawk. Woah dude, spoiler alert!

Way to ruin The Judge (2014) 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1872194/ It's a Samsung gear fit! It's pretty nifty so far. i disagree. i find it much easier to control the vehicle using the clutch and the brake. i cannot stand driving an automatic vehicle  Hallorann: I can remember when I was a little boy. My grandmother and I could hold conversations entirely without ever opening our mouths. She called it "shining." And for a long time, I thought it was just the two of us that had the shine to us. Just like you probably thought you was the only one. But there are other folks, though mostly they don't know it, or don't believe it. How long have you been able to do it? Why don't you want to talk about it?
Danny: I'm not supposed to.
Hallorann: Who said you ain't supposed to?
Danny: Tony.
Hallorann: Who's Tony?
Danny: Tony is a little boy that lives in my mouth. TPS reports  http://i.imgur.com/Di3tA0G.gif how new is the structure?  If it was remodeled/built recently and a shoddy job was done the structure might undergo extensive settling which will cause cracks in the drywall around things like doors.  If its only the drywall thats cracked, no big deal.  If its concrete/brick/studs....CALL SOMEONE. I approve. looks like vaginas So if they just keep watching, they will be able to see it happen? "Your liquid detergent is mediocre and bland." Fucking sob story jeezus effin christ, can you be any more blatant In all fairness, Olaf is the Jar-Jar Binks of the *Frozen* franchise.

To continue the analogy,

* **Elsa and Anna &amp;#8594; Luke and Leia**  
Orphaned royal siblings, one of whom has an awesome and barely-realized power.
* **Kristoff &amp;#8594; Han Solo**  
A handsome boyish rogue adventurer, making a living hauling valuable cargo with his nonhuman partner, until he's hired for a dangerous mission to save a princess. Also falls for a princess, takes her to her people and leaves her, then comes back at the last minute to rescue the real hero and help save everybody.
* **Sven &amp;#8594; Chewbacca**  
Makes noises that only his human partner understands, pushes him to do the right thing and ends up with a medal around his neck.
* **Prince Hans &amp;#8594; Darth Vader**  
Starts out as a good guy, but at the critical point his selfishness and willingness to kill are revealed.
* **Grand Pabbie &amp;#8594; Yoda**  
Short, green and wisest of all, but still doesn't realize that the sage advice "fear...leads to suffering" needs a few more useful details.
* **Oaken &amp;#8594; Wuher**, bartender at Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina  
All about the service, but doesn't mind throwing somebody out every now and then.

And of course:

* **Arendelle &amp;#8594; the Republic**
* **The ice palace &amp;#8594; the Death Star**, and
* **Kristoff's sled &amp;#8594; the *Millennium Falcon*.**

There's probably already a website or Youtube video that makes all these observations, but now that I've typed it all in I hate to look. He was a pretty sweet dude. Huge balls of steel too. also literally huge balls. I drove a Chevy Luv, this happened a few times.  Yup, feeling this way for your family or children is powerful. This is why so many young men and boys joined up with various terrorist organizations in the middle east and war torn countries, and why the operation that resulted in Blackhawk Down was met with such fierce resistance, they thought they were fighting for their families.

This reminds me of the song Fallujah, by David Rovics (folk song warning) 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EM12793_0Yw Why couldn't you just put the picture up for what it is? Why did you have to make up a bullshit story? Baby Ruth? I didn't know Reddit was full of so many amazing drivers. Loads of people saying that it's not a problem or isn't too hard etc. Am I looking at the same picture here? At My dad's work in the 80-90's there was a loading dock that sunk into the ground. Every couple of weeks someone would either drive through the chain that stopped you from driving off the ledge the wrong way or get out remove chain and proceed to drive off the edge. Apparently it is was invisible. Thanks for the actual thought out reply. I can see your point.

Reddit is a strange website to choose to post this picture to if that was the goal. 

 It`s been around a lot longer than a month. More like two years. is that vending machine on the right selling cigarettes? Naw it's not Hebrew OP, you posted a repost, and then called yourself out for it? 

is this a new karma-whoring strategy?  i counted 200 i could see.  Looking =/= requiring your pedantic commentary. Something tells me that's not quite how causality works.. I'll dig mine out &amp; see if I have any doubles. Not many footrot fans!
 Not Women. HAAAAAY OOOOOOH That's why if your in a rush to get to work take your time because being late May just save your life.  Damn it, now I want Maid Rite.  I guess I will be driving to Wisconsin this weekend. Snowginas. What? A django reference? How original, that wasn't the first thing I thought of also.

Really adds to the discussion  I upvoted him. You're not the boss of me. How was the driver?, she must of been lucky to come out unscathed from that now that you say it, I recognize it as a common chant you'd hear from the hari krishnas that used to be everywhere. What the heck happened to hari krishnas?  This is also a repost.  You're married to Elijah Wood? Ice ice rabies Just getting them out of the house quicker.  [why so serious?](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1802436845/image.jpg) By put down you mean with a Hammer right ? And by brain tumor you mean sick of rodent vermin right ?  why did you post it and make it seem like, in the title, that you had taken the picture then? I see the top half of a praying camel [This reminds me of how Deadpool's facial expressions come through his mask.](http://i.imgur.com/UzkaBPV.jpg) I gotta say those are some incredibly photogenic dads As in turn the wheel to the left. It takes a lot to make a stew... She is so cute my heart is in pain, hope everything goes okay and she gets better. I'm sorry clutch, I need some space. No no it's not you it's not me, I think we should see other vehicles. SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED Photoshop battle would be interested in this... Or you.   wombo combo? So sadly true. Fucking karmanauts. Just say it's a picture of a car that drove over a railing in a parking garage. We don't need to hear your fucking life story, because we don't give a fuck. not entirely true, you'd be shocked how many stores go empty before getting shipment.. Only reason I know that is because I handle the shipment 2 seconds later, and you could be a multi millionaire. Sue the dipshit who drove off the edge, and the builder of the parking garage for the pedestrian rail instead of slabs or steel guardrails many welcome  
wow If they ever do a sequel to Young Frankenstein, you could try out for the role of Igor. I still miss every single one of the 30+ rats I owned over the last fifteen years, but I will never adopt rats ever again. Saying goodbye to these creatures, who bond with you as much as dogs and cats do, and give you all their love until their very last breath, is just too much for me.  I had a rat when i was in elementary school and i loved it. When i tell people that, they think I'm the weirdest person ever. I'm glad I've finally found my people! Maybe he's still trying to get out. touching but I can't help but think of what led to this photo. 

"come here honey, mommy needs to take your photo to get karma on a website" HAHA - that made me chuckle. Today I learned that my cable provider airs Canadian shows in California. My apologies. I didn't read the wiki, just linked and moved on.
 I hope the lady that did this is ok. F If you switch it out for a 4x4 it becomes the McGangrape... You think too much, man. Happy to hear that everything went alright. Good luck and take care of that little angel! :) What if the front car parked first, followed by the second and third?  The guy would be unfairly towed.

Really no way to tell the at fault party here. Yeah, but his eyes melted shut, which is pretty unfortunate. Not sure the proper bar was installed. he looks a lot like [Howard](http://imgur.com/naCHFGM), who i'm babysitting right now. sorry for your loss. Surely you realize how cynical you are.. cmon.  The red cap is even funnier. I think you overestimate the average driver.  I want to get a rat or ferret so bad but the SO is like "I don't like rodents, they're gross." She just doesn't understand. :( A coffee shop that routinely fucks up anything more complicated than black coffee.  [Most cats adore sardines.](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-04/enhanced/webdr06/9/18/enhanced-buzz-10808-1397080850-13.jpg) Google...they've run out of ideas on how to spend their money Actually the rants I see on there are a little over the top, and the agenda they push is pretty hostile most of the time. So I get that you would think that, especially since I subscribe, but kids will be kids, and there is endless material to complain about bad parents out there. This though? This should be on Facebook. I'm assuming that if OP uses Facebook he will find a *lot* more people on there that really care and are willing to relate to the joy he is feeling just by knowing him and his wife. Ugh, /r/Pics has such a problem with this Facebook shit. F Glad she is out of surgery. Best of luck dad. Unfortunately both my husband and I have full-time day jobs... so off to school my baby girl went!  You're killing me. Now I know what to listen to next time I need to bawl my eyes out. What kind of retard doest put at least a metal rail there.... Tibetan Buddhism They tend to migrate where the oil is.  I am entirely on your side. To show off his ink. Or Chad. Please, let's call him Chad.  I think it is, because the car was actually free falling.  Gold for me though. [For the uninitiated, they're freaky sounding little shits.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6NuhlibHsM) having kids is great, if you want you can put lots of thought into it.


The problem with skipping a day of school is the child now knows this is a possibility and will want more. Now you have to go to work, get your tooth fixed, I don't know but you have something important todo and your kid has decided they are not going to go to school today - today is the one day a year they want off.  


Not so hot now are you daddy?


I think its worth it, my dad skipped a day school with me to take me to a F1 friday practice/qualifying at silverstone when I was 7 - best 'school day' ever.
 Topkeg. Why to hijack this whole thread dickhole.  Seriously, take your political shit to a political sub.  You are the equivalent of a "GOD HATES FAGS" funeral protester.   You just made this thread for me. 11/10 with rice and rice comment  You're 100% right. What if Gotham needs you to be a dirty, dirty whore? Thanks :) Or maybe the parking garage is where OP works. He was arriving to work two seconds behind schedule to find that a car had fallen exactly where he would have been had he been on time. There are two types of people in this world. Those who extrapolate data and ......................



I think we know which one you are! Sounds like he has a rat which is prone to a specific condition.  Thank you NSW in Australia actually, though they just changed the law this year unfortunately. :( 

You might try posting ads on Craigslist in the area near you as well as areas maybe even more rural that you are willing to drive to if one pops up. Not to say you should lie or anything, but in my experience you'll have more luck if you come across as a place that rescues animals instead of just an individual who wants a pet. You mainly want to post ads during spring to early summer as that's around when new kits are born and are likely to turn up. The younger you get them, the more likely they are to be easily domesticated, with the most friendly of them that I have seen were found before their eyes opened. They'll usually also need to see a vet if they are rescued and have sustained injuries or whatever, and desexing is usually required in places that allow you to have them. I think it mellows them out a bit anyways. O, also, foxes generally stink. Not the fox itself, but fox urine specifically. It's very very pungent. That's why you don't make the decision to let a lobster pinch your nipples.  No, that's his cousin Jebediah. Wudda falled. You're either 10 minutes early or you're late. Not in the / a Union!

Too bad you just had to try and clock in on the hour.....

Just a little snarky.. It's droppings are slightly more dangerous than other birds' droppings. Upvoted because funny sign? Woah. Its like hes in space... She didn't ragdoll. Just use a [defib](http://left4dead.wikia.com/wiki/Healing_items#Defibrillator) and you're good to go. unless he is implying he was  two seconds late to work? and being exactly on time would have crushed him. haha, ya this title sucks [These are the kind of ads they do.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb7x8BpCP-4) 4-1/2 minutes is 20%!  Would you like a 20% raise?  Would you like a 20% bigger dick (that's from 5" to 6")?  Would you like 20% off you cable, electric, &amp; water bills, your mortgage?  That's about $200-$500 per month, free money.  Do you plan to live to 65, or maybe go 20% longer, and live to 78? 

Don't knock 20% anything.  Nine minutes a day, is almost 40 hours or a whole free week each year. 

 Is this in Hilliard,OH? Haha so you're calling me an idiot? I'll fucking tie you up and take a shit in your ass, you whore! Drama queen.  2 seconds?  Don't park so close next time.... or say you paralleled and reap the karma You are a lying little cunt. This is not your picture. You know times are tough when even the dog has to pick up a part time job.  Yeah, the store I deliver too is saying that they are staying open.. after doing research I told her to go find a new job. Its gonna close Down voted cause you mispelled "phallic"....haha Still hot tho. shes ill


Or just too much Christmas new year fun? I call it a children Christmas hangover I think he knew. They always know. I don't even want to hear it, UK. Of course it's easy if you drive [this.] (http://imgur.com/RDuEzLr) You have to have some combination of mirrors that allows you to use 2 functional mirrors, be it 2 sides or a side and a rear view. Sounds like your buddy was driving with only 1 functional mirror, hence ticket.

(Although if he's in Texas he can argue the ticket on the grounds that the LEO is not trained to evaluate vehicle safety. That's why Texas and other states have safety inspection stickers; trained professionals evaluate the safety of the vehicle and indicate that you pass with the sticker. Might not hold up after the judge requests an updated inspection, but the ADA generally does not care enough to go through that trouble.) I like how it's clearly a piece of aloe vera. So, if you had left home two seconds earlier, you know with certainty that you would have hit all the same lights and equally fast/slow traffic conditions, and then entered the parking garage at just the right second?


NO, you don't.  Don't look so deeply into situations like this.  Just enjoy your life.  


BTW, I'm guessing that car didn't fall 2 seconds before/after you entered the level.  I'm pretty sure you conjured up that little tidbit just for dramatic effect. Other than all that, nice post, though.  I live in the FCPS school system. Getting to school this morning was an absolute nightmare! It took my bus nearly 2 hours to get through all the traffic on the roads, not to mention all the ice, snow, and car wrecks along the way.  He's a liar but at least we actually have GTIs, tornado red MKVI checking in.  Weeeeeeeeeee! Tomatoes.. tomatoes Jesus....I shouldn't be laughing....so wrong... Shit, I didn't even realize it said meow until 4 hours later after I saw it again. I think he's got something else in there, instead of or in addition to latex gloves.  Cause Jesus he knows me, and he knows I'm right. Giving my last gold credit because killing your own 7yo kid for reddit karma is awesome. Do you have a compulsion to point out the obvious? Mog commando day is freaky Friday ;-) why is the guy on the left taking off his pants? For a second I thought I was in /r/Murica.  I'm being very serious here: Do that. Figure out who to contact and contact them.

I lived in a building that collapsed about a year after I moved out. Previous tenants had, apparently, noticed structural issues. I didn't know that until I saw them quoted in the news story about it falling. I bet the people who lived there at the time it fell didn't know that, either. The story gave me the impression that, had the proper authorities known, the collapse might not have happened.

Maybe it goes nowhere, but maybe the city forces the fix that prevents a whole lot of hurt to you or the next tenant. It's Mitt Romney! My cog neuro professor told me I could get one of these; I thought he just patronizing me.  *over.

If you trip *on* your dog he's probably some illegal drug. Yummy! Piss off op you're pathetic  I guess Toyotas are still having those acceleration issues Wanna bet? Kangaroos are pretty amazing and cute creatures, but also delicious and a pest unfortunately which is a bad combination.  "Offensive lasers activated. Commence protestor nullification protocol in 5...4...3...2..." OP, how did you get to work with the car blocking the way? AHHHHHHH, Fucking 4 minutes late. 


GG.

 But isn't everything on the internet...just comments? You could just smash the window of the rear car and disengage the e brake, there you go you are free beautiful GTI. Easy to play but quite difficult to sound good.  I love how your title actually captures the photo so well, this definitely made me smile. Lemon? Damn phone autocorrect  ...

Oh. Oh, here we go again. just as soon as you ditch the tophat, scrap the nextbeard, and join all of us here in 2014 where we think comments like this are more creepy than "noble."  The question is: are you going to be able to display that much indifference to all the guys who are about to hit on you using Reddit as a medium? Seriously though, why should I care about this man?  

Yes there is a funny shirt.  But who the fuck is this man.  Give me a reason to give a flying fart about him. Thanks for the update 1. *I* said that increasing the average speed by 10mph, from 45mph to 55mph - and just driving 10mph over the speed limit isn't going to do this, but I was being as kind as possible - would only drop 4 mins off the commute. My point was that in an *absolutely unrealistic best case scenario* your gain is still really small.
2. "You will get a speeding ticket sooner or later" isn't "playing loosely with the statistics". It's an eventuality that needs to be factored into the whole thing. You want higher insurance rates, criminal fines, and the associated problems that comes with a bad driving record, fine. That's your choice. But don't pretend like you got some amazing 20% of your life back - you got a few extra minutes in the morning to be lazy. Grats.
3. Yes, because "I increased my dollar by 20%!" is the exact same as saying "I increased my 10,000 dollars by 20%"? A fraction of something small is still very small. You can't add up 4 minutes every morning into a large sum of time; it's still just 4 minutes a day, not enough time to do much of anything.
4. "If BSC couldn't drive faster" - you do realize that's me, right? And there are plenty of places in my commute that I can't realistically drive much faster because traffic bogs up because of a terribly designed highway interchange here. It's not uncommon for traffic to be stop-and-go for a few miles, all of which makes increasing your *average* speed of 10mph almost impossible unless you're flying along doing 30 or 40mph over on other legs of the trip. 

That's how increasing the "average" works against you; you have to either increase it very uniformly, and any decrease anywhere in the line needs to be made up for sooner or later. 

And hystronics? This is 4 minutes. It's not a big span of time. That's exactly my point - speeding fast enough to be regularly pulled over is going to get you nowhere much faster. It does, however, make you feel like your going faster, make you feel cool like a BIG WINRAR and makes you drive like a huge, huge asshole. He committed suicide under an interstate bridge in Glendive, Montana. Here's a link to the [news article](http://billingsgazette.com/news/state-and-regional/montana/man-s-body-found-near-i--bridge-in-glendive/article_055af3a7-9a49-58fb-b934-6a7939e9201f.html) about it.

He was slashed in the throat, so some of us are skeptical whether it was suicide. This wasn't taken at the Harweldon was it? Minus the very top buttons, I have the same toilet controller in my house (US). It's great! That's not the only thing that escalated (   )

 This would be way funnier if it said " I dont want to know." Like an answer to that really old joke , why'd the alligator / crocodile cross the road ?  Yardfruit infestation http://i.imgur.com/mNgj02Z.png FX has the movies. Well. That is due to Rf transmission and a separate issue entirely. Really a quenching magnet would demagnetized tools, degauss monitors nearby, and the biggest danger to the patient would be if the vent pipe failed and the room filled with unbreathable gas Your birds all look terrified. Except the owl. He is up to something. Maybe killing those terrified birds. what!?  It's no nbd And an 81 Corvette is worth at best 11k. Which car is "poorly designed" and "junk" between the two? 

I'm done replying to your sad existence, tootles! She has the 'I need to speak to your manager' haircut. THANK YOU! Someone finally mentioned the name of the movie. Why is it that around 2000-2007 the best movies/cartoons/ and tv was mode? Ironic post - like 5 days ago a big MRI magnet post was on the front page basically talking about them. I think this is the worst that's ever happened. Just wow! Why was no one there to keep this from happening?  I mean, you're sending all the right signals - no earrings, heels under two inches, your hair is let down, you're drinking a Grey Goose martini, which means you had a hell of a week and a beer just wouldn't do it. And if that wasn't clear enough, there's always the "fuck off" sign that you have stamped on your forehead. Almost makes me want to quit drinking. Well they're flowers...  How does biting your tongue have anything to do with your hands. Never got why people did that when concentrating. Source: expert in bird law Don't let some hollow, meaningless phrase keep you from remembering that death is permanent. Just because you remember something doesn't mean you can hug it again. I thought Gotham in the lower parts i just want to have sex with her Also you're pre-screened.  The girls know that at least a few people know you and don't think you're a serial killer. Also they can complain to common friends if you give them an STD. You an independent woman who don't need no man.

Snap

                                   Snap

Snap Best of luck with everything! As they get older sometimes it's just a matter of them becoming much more picky. Exactly where they should be. That response to a very clear joke isn't helping your case... [Hello M'lady](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8teRxOSNHs) M'arooned on an island of loneliness  I got poor friends... It's always byob. slowpoke as fuck My kinda girl. Not if they're tipped.  That's only for the ladies.  I don't need a bunch of tip pics in my inbox. No one has had a good wank with it?  [Request] How many PM's does OP get as a result of her post? And she is gorgeous. No really... are you serious? The tradition is, whoever catches the bouquet will be the next woman to be married.So, there is no point. Blonde lady in blue looks like Micheal's wife from The Office. &gt; Modern interpretation is that the winner is ~~a prime target for wedding night sex with almost anyone~~ the most desperate. 

Almost the same thing. :) Maybe it'd be cheaper if you just got one Liam Neeson instead of two? There is a video of a chair being lowered(?) Into one on a gauge that is showing in excess of 1800 pound of pull. Those magnets dont fuck around. highway was probably a mess. cars lining the ditches..

there's snow past my ass here Fuck yes Iowa! awesome pics! *sigh* When will people learn to orient pictures correctly so we can make sense of them? You don't get married to improve your relationship. You get married because you want to show the world that you love each other, and also to make a promise to never leave each other. It's all very romantic for a few weeks, and later comes the divorce. ... DILLIGAF^10 But, despite the name of the organization, the ICC was created from the three legacy model code groups in the United States (BOCA - National Building Code, ICBO - Uniform Building Code, and SBCCI - Standard Building Code). There was no international component in the creation of the organization and there really isn't much international participation in the development of the ICC codes. Some of ICC's codes do get used outside of the United States, but development of the codes is primarily US based. Looks to be on on OP's middle finger. Wedding bands are generally worn on your left hand. It tastes fucking horrible and I straight up vomited in my sink the first time I tasted it, those fucking drinks are lying to you I'd marry everybody in that picture.  This is the same expression I will be expecting... On our wedding night. ;) This gif always makes me angry and sad :( Americans are the only people that don't consider Indians to be Asian.  FYI.  Not that it makes his comment ok. I'm a girl btw ;) If you send a guy your hair you know, he just gets a sense of you, and your smell... I was worried [yeah, but..](http://i.imgur.com/ZbnJM6f.png) Superstition.
Whomever 'gets it' is going to be the next one married. This shows the importance of layering up in winter season to look cool  not bad Is it Robin from HIMYM?  Dude, the sky....
 I knew it would be a rickroll, but I still clicked on it because I like that song. I envy you. My 30 min commute turned into a 2 hour commute going home today  Sweet, derpy Dee.  m'lady Scherbatsky? Is that you? Oh, hi vargas. *I* like you.  You can identify if your children are doing it of you see the following signs:

1. Your child seems distant, preoccupied. 

2. Your child's face smells like cheese. 

3. When you see the dairy aile at the grocery store, your child starts grinding his or her teeth. 

You might also notice certain phrases your child says to school friends, such as "Hey, lete's go cheese." or "Do you feel like cheesing, guys?" or "Dude, I'm cheesing my F-ing brains out right now." Big time.  Unless they are Indian.  I'm down with that. My exact thought. Damn you /u/_Order66, get out of my head! What are you sipping on?  It's so brightly red. [Ouch](http://i.imgur.com/Rpsd22l.gif) I would have sex with everybody in the picture.  Especially the old guy. I thought of Danny DeVito when the penguin was looking at the thermos being reclaimed I just pm'd you my boobs Two beavers are better than one This is not staged in any way, shape, or form. I give up. What app? I hate when I ask for extra sauce or something and they glare at me  and sigh like it's my fault I'm making them work more at their job. E-rekt Well your junk is funky......   well shes drinking because she knows she has a few years of market value left in her hips- where at the other hams have already climaxed and need to get married soon before there are no more buyers/suitors.

Cheers! M'e. I just don't understand why. To each his own, I won't judge... but for what reason? My squid doesn't like to be chased. http://i.imgur.com/Ucq11.gif I was thinking maybe an appletini of sorts. why's it always the fat girl who goes crazy for the bouquet. So, how is your inbox feeling by now? http://i.imgur.com/aqjSsP7.gif Fuck leg day. She is. I meant the guy.  You know what they say about big hands...

Could be an early warning sign for cancer. Literally cannot updank this enough Yes it is legal to have them as pets.  They can be had for about 3 grand.  But they are not domesticated like a dog.  They are docile enough to be kept as a pet, but not trainable like a dog.  

They have to wear a diaper, they fight you when you put the diaper on, they are near impossible to catch, they are nocturnal, and easy to kill if they get into something they shouldn't.  

Don't get one, my ex had one and it led to me chasing a kangaroo down a 4 lane highway through traffic at 3 in the morning on New Years.   Your friend who got married is rich as fuck thats some nice paneling I female me?!? TIL some people have black rugs. I've been around. I've been experimenting with twitter, so I've been here less. The poverty line! Thanks Obama  Wouldn't it be ironic if you met your future husband because of this post and it's popularity? You better tend to that inbox! That looks like Kim Jong Un blocked in the background. All I can picture is the Popeye "Ack ack ack ack ack ack" this is the embodiment of /r/TrollXChromosomes/ Jesus, I've apparently never had a fucking original thought. You look like Robin from HIMYM! It's funny because that's something she would do lol  Someone is thirsty Looks like Nightcrawler spewed on your face.  The guy in the back right looks like he is saying "sshiiiit." His girlfriend must be close to catching the flowers.   "I don't usually drink beer, but when I do, I drink Bud Heavy!" I understand that it is a superconducting magnet. I also understand how they have to be extremely cold to work. My point is that the magnetic properties of a superconducting electromagnet are entirely separate from its ability to remain cool, and that shutting off the current in the wires of the magnet should not also shut off the cooling mechanism. This should enable the magnet to immediately switch off without having to vent any helium.

If there's a reason why this wouldn't work, I don't know what it is! /r/upvotedbecausegirl Or they're *both* him and he rakes in double karma with the two part joke. And you're him too. Also, me. Brunettes are the best looks like a kanye west outfit
 There were people there before any Indo-Europeans came, and that's the bulk of English as well as Irish people's ancestry. hurrrrrrrrrrrr you mean larry bird? The 2 blondes have the best derp faces. Fuck I thought I was rounding up a couple years Gold is passed along to perpetuate the dowry system. Your culture is one that is based on deep status devides. Don't piss on our legs and tell us it's raining.  FTFY 

USED to do wedding photography.  I'm quite fond of you, as well.  Fuck, I've been watching these cats for 45 minutes now.  WHEN DO THEY BLINK? What kind of monster only half flushes? M'Lady I honestly refuse to believe this isn't Robin Am I the only one who wants to shoot the statue to get the key? Been staring at this imagine for so long I can't tell if you are taking this picture on the deck floor or angled up next to a fence  [The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-04/enhanced/webdr03/9/15/enhanced-buzz-2901-1397070116-8.jpg) I doubt she is any of those things. MMMM tasty pasta. Yes, I find it hilarious. She gives absolutely 0 fucks about that kid. Casino Royale was a good movie. Exactly the same, but we coo.  That was delightfully 80s. Also cool to see a wrench pulled by the magnet smash a brick. Loving alcohol? Now post some stuff on /r/gonewild Seriously?  You're sharing other peoples' embarrassing photos (they paid you to *take* them, after all - not to *own* them) for the purposes of publicity at the expense those *in* it?

What the fuck?

Edit:  Glad to see you've taken it down.  I don't mind if you disrespect *me*, but to publicly disrespect one's *clients* to such a degree (referred to as crazy bitches, no less) is entirely inexcusable. They throw bouquets at funerals now? Reminds me of Baldrick and his giant turnip midget potter  *Lands knocking drink out of hand anyway. I'm so sorry :-( bird law, in this country, is *not* governed by reason...  Would have been funny if it landed on her in spite of her apathy.
 Yet all I can say is I love your user name. It is known.  [hehe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tfi8fT9oHkQ) Here is an interesting write up on the photo... where they are now...

http://www.businessinsider.com/microsoft-1978-photo-2011-1?op=1 Yeah, but who's hand is rubbing his crotch though? I literally sat here for 2 minutes laughing at this. I need that today, thank you. I honestly haven't laughed as hard since I first saw that scene with the ostritch.  Thanks for citing your sources I hate when people expect us to just take their work for things.  Looks more like a box on wheels than a tank /u/GallowBoob is the Michael Jordan of reddit  Do me! Like this?

http://i.imgur.com/6ilsR.gif You had me at indifference. Who throws bouquets at a funeral? I thought the lamp behind you was a giant floating condom.  I'm not your dad, but I just got a new snowblower.  It really is like getting a kick ass new toy on Christmas morning.  Running out of snow to blow is the equivalent to dead batteries.  (Yes, I realize an empty fuel tank makes more sense, but I'm an adult and can get more gas any time I want.  Batteries when you're a kid could be hard to come by.) Shutting it down would not add any heat unless the cooling system depends on that same current. It's just a silly superstition. Whoever catches the bouquet is supposedly? (Sorry, having a Joey moment on that word) going to be the next person getting married. Some women take it way too seriously apparently.  Thats true about everything though. One day the sun is going to burn out, too.

There were a lot of scare articles about helium a couple years ago for some reason like the government was going to stop hoarding it for everyone. It won't matter in the conceivable future. Helium is a byproduct of natural gas extraction that is so worthless we just let it go into space right now. Catniss would frott herself all over this tattoo. Pretty much how I feel after ten days off. Coming back to reality blows. *tips fedora* He looks like a Quentin Blake illustration in a Roald Dahl book, especially in the top right picture. A magnet is any object that has a magnetic field. It attracts ferrous objects like pieces of iron, steel, nickel and cobalt. In the early days, the Greeks observed that the naturally occurring 'lodestone' attracted iron pieces. From that day onwards began the journey into the discovery of magnets.

These days magnets are made artificially in various shapes and sizes depending on their use. One of the most common magnets - the bar magnet - is a long, rectangular bar of uniform cross-section that attracts pieces of ferrous objects. The magnetic compass needle is also commonly used. The compass needle is a tiny magnet which is free to move horizontally on a pivot. One end of the compass needle points in the North direction and the other end points in the South direction.

The end of a freely pivoted magnet will always point in the North-South direction.  

Magnetic Poles

The end that points in the North is called the North Pole of the magnet and the end that points South is called the South Pole of the magnet. It has been proven by experiments that like magnetic poles repel each other whereas unlike poles attract each other.

Magnetic Fields

What is a magnetic field? The space surrounding a magnet, in which magnetic force is exerted, is called a magnetic field. If a bar magnet is placed in such a field, it will experience magnetic forces. However, the field will continue to exist even if the magnet is removed. The direction of magnetic field at a point is the direction of the resultant force acting on a hypothetical North Pole placed at that point. WHERE ARE THEY??
 HEY LOOK GUYS A FAT CHICK! mittons 
ftfy  AND the dude gives her a high five after. Like.. What? Pure gold. http://i.imgur.com/wPb87gs.jpg does she look like a 21 yearold who lacks any maturity for alcohol whatsoever? Why not both?  http://i.imgur.com/595aC3b.jpg

I once saw a Dee from the future Ugh.  As a perpetually single lady I have really grown to hate the bouquet toss.  I've been to weddings where they call me BY NAME to come try to catch the bouquet.  Sigh. Yea the right place Sam looks like a great rubber duck, but you'd better not let that dog chew him to pieces. Go to the store and pick it up yourself.  Than you won't have to worry about it.   He's gonna need a bigger boat.  And a binky. Shouldn't 6 be 7 then? I went to a coworker's wedding with the intention of being a modest, calm drunk...

Then the groom told the bartender "If this man doesn't have a full drink the entire night you're fired."


Night ended with me popping a blood vessel in my eyeball from puking so hard.


^^^Worth ^^^it.


 My god that is fucking scary IRL. M'bae Incestuous charcoal, Johnny. Well it's just that--the bird law in this country--it's not governed by reason. She should be photoshopped into different events not giving a fuck.  ... if you know what I mean. Clearly she is lacking ice powers. It's for pee. What is this, a tree for ants?
 Shave your head and chest to match. Shouldn't the next one be 7 then? I don't want any discrepancies in the ratings.   [lol](http://replygif.net/255) Shitpost Life...uh...finds a way. Shy M'alon twist: same guy [Here's a fast link.](http://cboard.cprogramming.com/attachments/cplusplus-programming/9673d1270483008-having-issues-my-fft-fft_result.png) Objection! Irrelevant! See, that's lawyer talk. You cried. My kinda girl. Even the guy in the back looks more excited.  My kinda girl.   That looks like me on NYE. Everyone looking for a kiss while my true love was the Texas Tea in my hand. So no one else thinks its odd to wear black to a wedding? [http://i.imgur.com/z58IQN5.gif](http://i.imgur.com/z58IQN5.gif)  Thank you for your mercy.  I don't know what I would've done if you hadn't covered that cat's eyes. Truly the only logical explanation.  As someone who is in wedding industry I'm actually surprised to see this many girls for a bouquet toss! Most of the time they have to be dragged out and I always feel really bad when bouquet hits the ground while all of the girls are standing around looking at it as if it was made out of poop.  Actually several of the vendors now have a voltage monitor on the coil and when it detects a dip, it applies a quench heater across multiple points in the coil. That way the heat is more evenly distributed and the chance of a damaged coil is minimized. Most quench heaters also operate with a battery backup in case someone's life is in danger during a power outage. These aren't huge heaters either, basically a coiled wire carrying about 5W of power can start the reaction You do k ow its the guy from the hobbit not harry potter right?^imsorryihadtocheck I did all of that at a wedding once. Except it was my wedding. It was awesome.  says the hottest girl who need not worry. If Bridgette didn't find a companion after making those magnificent holiday cards then she's simply destined for loneliness.  r/circlejerk blah blah blah leaking. Today you, tomorrow me. I spotted the muggle.  It's called integrity. And in practically brimming with the stuff.  ayyy  lmao Well... This just changed the way I see this movie. spot the alcoholic. No way! I saw a student wearing a Pink Freud shirt at work today. Finally a reason to go to a Starbucks! Love it. This pic says it all. Is that you? You're seriously hot too!  Like a true fedora wearer Your poor inbox Is that at the biltmore? Post it to /r/foxes too! Starbucks has been brewing this idea for some time now. Don't forget the lamentations of the bridesmaids. Cool. I wonder what was going on where they needed to quench it. I actually took a video of it, ~~but my phone isn't letting me put it on YouTube~~ see above for crappy video.  Better that than a cash bar. All day erry day. I was failing at being funny, guy. Do you use an eye drop when you give it water? Photographer - 1. Reddit - 0. http://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/enhanced-buzz-27931-1327049779-16-602x900.jpg Appletinis are green... u snigle? One on the left looks very similar to a chick i once banged. I appreciate they are all wearing the same kind of dress and you're just doing your own thing I'd trust a Sig. I'd trust a modern revolver. I'd worry about a 1911 (I own two of them, and love them). They were never designed to withstand that sort of test.

BTW, I don't own a Glock as I think they have terrible ergonomics for me personally. But I do recognize them for what they are. They are nothing if not very reliable semi-autos. Also: fuck somebody new.  Weddings are great. Was your age proximate to 10 at that time? I seem to remember reading that we idealize the world we knew at 10. It's a Groot fetus! I am Groot. Sauce? What the fuck is Reddit's deal with this phrase? Situations come up where people want to speak to a manager, it's not like it's exclusively for women who want to bitch about unimportant things. I'm so sorry! That actually happened to another husky at the dog park I went to. They were out of ideas and it turned out to be some sort of infection. I hope they figure it out. Give him a hug for me :( Wait but seriously does anyone see the dude with the beard on the left? He looks like he's having the most fun of all. To tell you the truth he's almost gone and photobombed OP. 2 drunk 2 care I definitely can peg you as an atheist for sure, highly intelligent intellectual...that's pushing it buddy She should be ashamed of herself. I too love Tizer. It's too late for me, I had to scroll through the entire thread to find this comment. Looks just like Courteney Cox to me. I like the bottom half, but the top isn't doing it for me. But overall very cool. Also I have a picture of me actually holding one. It's pretty large and I'm 5'9 if you're interested in seeing  \- Abraham Einstein Is this at Maryvale castle? That's where I was married, it looks familiar...

Edit: Yes! http://i.imgur.com/PecpAWi.jpg?1 middle one has warts. just like something you'd see on space dicks  It was pure gold all the way through. That looks like it might be a fancy university on the far left side of Canada, eh? Taipei 404 is 4 times as tall, but no one can find it. The 82 Corvette was a shitty, poorly designed car.  And it still had 50% more horsepower than the dog ass DeLorean. I get what you're saying, but I would think more along the lines of "man kisses woman, therefore she's submitting to his desires"....either way I agree with the top comment about hitting him with the wooden gavel! What's a photofit?
 Very classy woman. The others return to their childlike state, frolicking for candle at a birthday party. Is that Dee? Retail worker for a year now. She is.  [I think *this* tops it as "the worst that's ever happened" with respect to MRI accidents.](http://abcnews.go.com/US/story?id=92745) My boyfriend and I went to a wedding and each got called out for not getting in the groups to catch the bouquet/garter. We both stood off to the sides waiting for someone else to catch them. 

Nothing against each other, just don't care. At least we both felt the same.  Sooooooooooooooooo, fuck that. I hate those damn things.  Am I part of this?  [Someone said "bird" in an alcoholic related pic?](https://i.imgur.com/gLvibvJ.jpg) So this isn't an advertisement for urban outfitters? Gus Sorola? This.  This was me at every damn wedding I went to when I was single. Hated being forced into that stupid ritual. I hate these threads because it's like, hey here is this good looking woman who is probably an awesome person, and then I'm just somewhere else in the world without the possibility of talking to her and seeing how cool she really is.  and a new copy pasta was born Could get dark Flexible one, aren't you? Took me a while to realise that's *not* a huge banner, just some accidental forced perspective. I honestly thought they had scanned the notice and blown it up for advertising. M'acrena 4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42 Have you never once heard or read the news? I think that's the style OP was going for. Sorry bud. I did what I could  Feminism is alive and well; let's drink to that! This. This has been me at the last 10ish weddings in the last year. 

Rockin it. 

Also my dress ripped up pass my ass at the last one. So there's that.  Must...say....something.....not....related.....to.....attractiveness....of.....OP......um......NNNNNice......Ddressss?  This looks like a poster for a TV show. she stole something from a child and then high fives her friends about it. that is like, cartoon villain levels of evil right there. she might as well have taken candy from a baby or kicked a stray puppy. if there is any justice in this world, she should suffer a similarly cartoon villainly fate, like falling into a truckload of shit, at the very least. Hes got the duster-looking thing going on so theres that Interesting. The systems I work on use this to purge xray optics 24/7. We also require them to have 99.999% (lab grade) pure He on hand for service of the cryogenic systems. They bitch about the cost but I've never asked. I wonder how much the lab grade He costs. I like your face. "Fuck this shit, I want my drank"  Your priorities are clearly in being a hot drunken mess of envy. You sure you don't know the reason? The brunette with the martini glass thinks She's the main character of a Sarah Jessica Horse Parker movie. With those eyes, she won't be single for long... I'm not sure how you were supposed to eat soup with those. They look hazardous. If you had a metal plate in your head, how would you forget about it? Double meaning, word play on "clearly" and the fact that it's not technically a "slice" because it's a sizable chunk.  I got married last year and we totally forgot about the bouquet toss. Whoops.  I like the way you posted, it sounded a bit too Heisenberg and you added 'friendo' About 4 long nights, more with all the test and research. OBJECTION! Oh. I just know there's a couple actual Indians on here and I don't want to piss someone off and look racist. Gotta play it safe.

Oh my God I sound so *white.* Hahahahah!! That's the funniest thing I've seen all day You think anyone will look at her history?  Aren't you edgy 1. Model release form. 

Anything else?  I remember when I saw this on Pinterest too. This joke is old. Most pretty redditors have come out and said that more people make comments about "watch your inbox! Hue hue hue!", then there are actual dick picks, if any.  /r/karmaconspiracy Robin Scherbatsky from the hit show How I Met Your Mother. I went almost all the way to the bottom. No answers there. I should have taken your advice.  plot twist - OP is the one boxing people out for the bouquet. M'ercy bouquet Are the two blondes mother n daughter or even sisters? Scary thing I just noticed is they also moved your steering wheel to the wrong side of the car. _

 if you try to recover all the helium it will just quench anyway and then you lose it. I want to have a kegger so bad.  I will strap that thing into a child seat if necessary to get it to my house safe and sound.   AM I DOING THIS RIGHT? I can't remember which car, but my brother and I would always laugh at that commentator mention one cars name in a normal manner after being so extreme for the rest.

Just got a rom on my phone and have been playing it since last night. It's as awesome as I remember. I so want to kick that woman in the balls just as hard as can be. Soon you will like fat tire Sup Could it be the fact that she's a cunt?  /r/notinteresting I think it's called a Tuna'M... elt.  Nice.  I edit people's wedding videos.  I've seen girls downright face each other for the bouquet.  The bloopers I keep are fun to play at parties; please tell me you keep some gems for your own collection. The only one drinking is the only one that doesn't look thirsty.  Why does the women on the right have a hand print on her chest? Ironically, ignoring the bouquet toss has probably gotten you more marriage proposals than all of them combined, haha. Clearly you know nothing of bird law You look like Debra from Dexter. you have beautiful knees... I am European with no ties to Brazil or the US and I only ever hear criticism of the US and never Brazil.

Your being American has little to do with it. The fact is, America gets a harder time of it globally than anyone else. Yeah, you're a keeper.  Good on you for having the right priorities! Which is sadly really depressing. If there is any demographic that really deserves happiness and experience love, beauty and companionship it's redditors. I mean look at Secret Santa, where else would that shit fry, let alone internet, look at bestof and how many redditors are helping each other out, are being extremely kind and giving.

Of course a cynic would say that the ENTIRE reason why redditors are so giving, trustworthy and helpful is because they're so lonely and so desperate for human connection that they'll do anything for someone else to like them, cherish them, appreciate them.

I say it's because when humans are being given the option to be nice, when the world doesn't force them to be nasty, doesn't force them to be greedy, manipulative, Machiavellian, evil, etc. people have no reason not to be nice. Because being nice is easy, making others happy is a joy in itself, and being bad is actually hard, it takes effort to be bad.

I've seen some amazing things happen here, some things that me question how strangers can be so giving to each other, how virtual means nothing in the face of genuine human connection, so to all the lonely guys here, there is absolutely ZERO guarantee that you will find someone someday, but from what I've seen, this bunch deserves to find that someone more than any group of people I've come across. "I want to speak to your manager" and "Is there a manager available I could talk to?" are COMPLETELY different things though. Best looking one of the bunch, and I like your priorities.  The eyes...  The poorest in America by in large have more amenities than most of the developing world. Here is what you find in "poor" households in America: http://www.heritage.org/~/media/images/reports/2011/09/b2607/b2607_chart1.ashx?w=500&amp;h=536&amp;as=1 

 https://imgur.com/bBUb86v I've got a huge ass monitor at work and that picture scared the piss out of me. Stop cat facts &gt; some people are making a movie and a book based on his life,

I hope it's Stephen Chow, and I hope he makes it into a kung fu comedy, because he'd be perfect dressed up as this guy. I was 10 in 2003 so thats right!  Where did you get that? You're a person who knows how to fucking party. It doesn't have wheels though    
http://www.silverstonetek.com/raven/images/products/rv05/rv05b-w-34left.jpg    
It kind of looks like a tank with out the potato quality though...  Oh good, let's see it.

Edit:  10 Minutes to go. Also, in my prior post someone asked how big the foxes here were. I'd say average size still compared to foxes in UK and USA. I'm 5'9 and here's the fox for scale.  RAS Syndrome? A magnet is any object that has a magnetic field. It attracts ferrous objects like pieces of iron, steel, nickel and cobalt. In the early days, the Greeks observed that the naturally occurring 'lodestone' attracted iron pieces. From that day onwards began the journey into the discovery of magnets.

These days magnets are made artificially in various shapes and sizes depending on their use. One of the most common magnets - the bar magnet - is a long, rectangular bar of uniform cross-section that attracts pieces of ferrous objects. The magnetic compass needle is also commonly used. The compass needle is a tiny magnet which is free to move horizontally on a pivot. One end of the compass needle points in the North direction and the other end points in the South direction.

The end of a freely pivoted magnet will always point in the North-South direction.  

Magnetic Poles

The end that points in the North is called the North Pole of the magnet and the end that points South is called the South Pole of the magnet. It has been proven by experiments that like magnetic poles repel each other whereas unlike poles attract each other.

Magnetic Fields

What is a magnetic field? The space surrounding a magnet, in which magnetic force is exerted, is called a magnetic field. If a bar magnet is placed in such a field, it will experience magnetic forces. However, the field will continue to exist even if the magnet is removed. The direction of magnetic field at a point is the direction of the resultant force acting on a hypothetical North Pole placed at that point. That's a common reaction.


title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[**I'm confused but entertained**](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2lhyug/im_confused_but_entertained/) | 3621 | 2^mos | pics | 372
[Making out with a hot chick](http://www.reddit.com/r/bearsdoinghumanthings/comments/2li480/making_out_with_a_hot_chick/) | 589 | 2^mos | bearsdoinghumanthings | 33
[Some cosplayers don't fuck around!](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1tsmn1/some_cosplayers_dont_fuck_around/) | 401 | 1^yr | pics | 29
[Too cool for words](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1tsbgs/too_cool_for_words/) | 1937 | 1^yr | funny | 372
[Just a really nice picture I have found in the net.](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2alnxk/just_a_really_nice_picture_i_have_found_in_the_net/) | 69 | 5^mos | pics | 11

*[Source: karmadecay](http://karmadecay.com/r/pics/comments/2rkn8q/im_confused_but_entertained/)* It's never too late to start again.   [Not every cat gets "high" from catnip. If the cat doesn't have a specific gene, it won't react (about 20% do not have the gene). Catnip is non-addictive.](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-04/enhanced/webdr06/9/17/enhanced-buzz-10664-1397079316-4.jpg) Already my favorite new user, lol. Money shot. Is it really such a mystery? Lady's a bitch. You speak as if she survived.  She's the one who deserves to get married most ;)  Yes, we would all have sex with you I thought the same for a minute As parents, sometimes when things are out of our control, all we can do is laugh and hope family services doesn't get called lol  Why can't the helium be captured and used again? http://i.imgur.com/1gGmwQT.jpg Not entirely sure about your priorities, but I can surely tell what you would think would make a funny picture. Success! No. Needs more jpeg. 
We swears, to serve the master of the Precious. We will swear on on the Precious!
  Gollum

 You look identical to my gf and it's really creepy.  You need some dick!  PM ME! holy shit. this is real. Well, that is Alfred in the background so... Like you can't say Americans are Africans? ^devil's ^avocado It's just that bird law in this countryit's not governed by reason. 
More images here:
http://imgur.com/ZO2kzZ2
http://imgur.com/say5E8p
http://imgur.com/Z1gZUsb
http://imgur.com/704IxOO Lots of retail employees on Reddit. welcome to /r/ABDL!! Tryna marry? HMU  oooh, new sub! new sub! Doodleoodooo....  
pling^pling^pling   don't be stupid its game of thrones the infamous "brown wedding episode"  Why not make some kind of cage when the thing is not in use to prevent crap like this? Ahh booze! Made me tear up =( Don't feed it after dark.  I feel like this will fly under the radar way more than I want it to you are a cute drunk. [Louie! Louie! Louie!](http://s3.amazonaws.com/data.tumblr.com/koBJdk6EOmdy9klyf8ffPdzeo1_1280.jpg?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJP67HANH6OVWEMMQ&amp;Expires=1420687090&amp;Signature=x4JFlpcHAh4Qr1MHfoWKMbnn0cE%3D#_=_) Upvote for confused cat in button down dress shirt...jesus that cat is adorable. I learned about vargas' sandpaper dick shenanigans, so not *all* bad. Ginga holding a ginga. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IY_bhVSGKEg Forget the girls.  Look at that fireplace!!  It's the shadow from her hand.  Hubble has set of camers and filters. Using filters you can make camera receive only red, or infrared. Hubble makes many photographs of target, using different filters and then send them to Earth, where selected data is photoshoped together to look good as wallpaper:

Here's short movie from Hubble guys demonstrating process:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqeIO2ImTjQ This is worse than the guy who stole the ball at the Saints v Bengals game. I can't believe she got high fives for that! Thanks for sharing. You seem like the type of person to say "I want to speak to your manager" 90% of things that "look racist" are benign.  If you don't have hate in your heart, let it out. Moved on to harder drugs : ( I bet they have unrealistically high standards for the the potential men in their life.  A magnet is any object that has a magnetic field. It attracts ferrous objects like pieces of iron, steel, nickel and cobalt. In the early days, the Greeks observed that the naturally occurring 'lodestone' attracted iron pieces. From that day onwards began the journey into the discovery of magnets.

These days magnets are made artificially in various shapes and sizes depending on their use. One of the most common magnets - the bar magnet - is a long, rectangular bar of uniform cross-section that attracts pieces of ferrous objects. The magnetic compass needle is also commonly used. The compass needle is a tiny magnet which is free to move horizontally on a pivot. One end of the compass needle points in the North direction and the other end points in the South direction.

The end of a freely pivoted magnet will always point in the North-South direction.  

Magnetic Poles

The end that points in the North is called the North Pole of the magnet and the end that points South is called the South Pole of the magnet. It has been proven by experiments that like magnetic poles repel each other whereas unlike poles attract each other.

Magnetic Fields

What is a magnetic field? The space surrounding a magnet, in which magnetic force is exerted, is called a magnetic field. If a bar magnet is placed in such a field, it will experience magnetic forces. However, the field will continue to exist even if the magnet is removed. The direction of magnetic field at a point is the direction of the resultant force acting on a hypothetical North Pole placed at that point. It's her oblivious glee. She's so happy to have stolen the ball from the little girl.  It sounds like they are talking about that one woman. You are the one who's extending that statement to encompass an entire gender.  M'ami Is that comma, misplaced?
 Yeah, B for bologna, amirite? Sooooo you're my future ex-wife.. Good to know. Cheers!!! https://imgur.com/rXswoeN A magnet is any object that has a magnetic field. It attracts ferrous objects like pieces of iron, steel, nickel and cobalt. In the early days, the Greeks observed that the naturally occurring 'lodestone' attracted iron pieces. From that day onwards began the journey into the discovery of magnets.

These days magnets are made artificially in various shapes and sizes depending on their use. One of the most common magnets - the bar magnet - is a long, rectangular bar of uniform cross-section that attracts pieces of ferrous objects. The magnetic compass needle is also commonly used. The compass needle is a tiny magnet which is free to move horizontally on a pivot. One end of the compass needle points in the North direction and the other end points in the South direction.

The end of a freely pivoted magnet will always point in the North-South direction.  

Magnetic Poles

The end that points in the North is called the North Pole of the magnet and the end that points South is called the South Pole of the magnet. It has been proven by experiments that like magnetic poles repel each other whereas unlike poles attract each other.

Magnetic Fields

What is a magnetic field? The space surrounding a magnet, in which magnetic force is exerted, is called a magnetic field. If a bar magnet is placed in such a field, it will experience magnetic forces. However, the field will continue to exist even if the magnet is removed. The direction of magnetic field at a point is the direction of the resultant force acting on a hypothetical North Pole placed at that point. As someone who managed a restaurant for 6 years, I assure you that 95% of the time that someone asks to speak with a manager, it isn't to tell you how wonderful you are.  You are kind of my hero.  M'laria I don't know what fuckstick downvoted you, it looks like his work. Thanks for this. It's the best thing I've seen all day.  if it is only one of his hands got bigger, you know what it means (   ) "Cream of the crop" literally means the *top* part, because that is where the cream is skimmed from unhomogenised milk. Gradients and RF use more than cryocompressor if the magnet is used on regular basis (12-18 hour scan day) Edgyyyyy robin scherbatsky? You should post this over in /r/Art as well.  Very cool. Our lack of diversity is unusual. I wish we had more of a melting pot of cultures, but we're oddly secluded.  He's the guy checking out who catches the bouquet and then swoop in for the kill.  Vince Vaughn style. She has a submitted post in /r/hockey. Checks out https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMU0tzLwhbE I live in America and Ive never seen a homeless Asian in my entire life, but now seeing this picture...maybe I have they just look really BA.  You guys should see in the inside of a Indian jewlery store like JoyAlukkas. So much gold. Is that Skytop Lodge? /r/Circlejerk is leaking I would like to formally throw my hat into the ring.  Final grade of B??

Pfft more like baxtermc*struggle* amirite? That's terrifying I'm a chemist.  I use NMR all the time which is essentially the same technology. "Do these glasses make me look like a child molester?" I hate that bitch.  Shut up!!!! I'm calling this number if u don't stop i would marry you so hard. Did you see the latest picture it took of Amdromeda? The raw picture is over 4 gigs and is over 1.5 billion pixels! I hated them before the Gen 4 models came out. I love the new ergonomic. They took away some of the grip and added anew adjustable back strap system like M&amp;Ps have.  Slap a patent on that too, slap a patent on her. M'gusta Cats. Cats mostly. Looks like a proto Klingon Bat'leth. Made me tear up instantly, damn you!  The machine itself is in a specialized box called a faraday cage. So when the room is sealed the field doesn't leave the room, and even inside the room it's quite weak at the furthest point from the scanner, it increases in intensity, with the centre of the machine being the strongest. Or Malory Archer I'm deaf and I thank you for the transcription.  Just as someone else is allowed to put their opinion out there, as am I.
I recognize I'm just as open to criticism for having an opinion as anyone else is open to criticism for liking shitty posts that are not creative and add nothing.

 Me pointing this out spreads my own agenda which is my goal.

(My agenda is less of these shitty comments) Well, it's good, and you should feel good. As a retail manager: I understand your concern and I apologize. Rest assured I will pass this along to corporate and work to find a resolution which will benefit you and other customers in the future. Wow, 14. Thats great! Is Jenny slate your spirit animal?  I would also like Mr. Bean in the film as well. I won't budge on this either. Plus, everyone is in the mood, and you're already dressed well. Flirting galore.  What shoes is she wearing? It looks like dust off the bottom of her shoes. WHAT? WHERE? /r/malefashionadvice mod Gotta start somewhere, I guess. Can you rate mine? No, I see it a lot on here about a lot of different women. It's in our contract. I showed the bride this photo via Facebook and the bridesmaid and her friends were all laughing about it. Even the child's dad chimed in saying how funny it was. The girl was fine. Seriously, cool your jets dude. We have the right to use it for our business, which is stated in our contract, and we also got consent. So I don't know why you're up in arms here. I'd never post a photo of my clients if they didn't like it. 

Edit: I can screen cap the convo if you REALLY care so much about it.  [wat](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Windsor)

The entirety of the House of Windsor is German, descending on the Queen's side from the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and on the Prince Consort's side from the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glcksburg; further back than that, they are descended from the House of Hanover via Queen Victoria.

During WWI the Royal Family were cousins to Kaiser Wilhelm and changed their name to be more "English". I'm not even super into royal genealogy, that's just pretty common knowledge.  It was a gift, so I'm not sure! I stand corrected.   Are there any caimans?  They might be dangerous.  Stealing from children is a reason. It's ok. Feel justified.  you've insulted the hivemind..prepare your anus for downvotes lol women older than 24 are so desperate to marry, so pathetic. I'm married ... and a dude ... but I'd *gladly* take a bouquet of wine. Tasty :) And my Axe? Cool. hydrogen is just kind of everywhere in the universe as it's the simplest form of nucleic matter - 1 proton, 1 electron. The sulfur and oxygen, I imagine, come from long dead stars that produced the stuff. i'm not throwin' bows-es for roses. I don't have hate in my heart. My concern here is making sure that other people *know* I don't.

Oh my *GOD* I'm so white. 19 here. Why does it matter what age you are if you know someone famous /r/dadjokes needs you Donna from That 70's Show also seems to have slipped in on the right. Quick google search pulls an app up called Poly. link is a video demo with some bonus kraftwerk.

http://vimeo.com/32069908 Are those all bridesmaids dressed in black? This is an awful trend that needs to stop. If they're not bridesmaids, then why are so many women wearing black? It's not a funeral. 

Edit: changed "dresses" to "dressed".  Daria all grown up. Please make this a live action sitcom, staring you. My Sharona! 

Am I doing it right? Epic stuff. Warriors being pushed off the cliffs only to be blown back into battle.  It does help.  He has gradually lost function due to a brain tumor.  It's been months. Started with weak hind legs, limp tail. We spent weeks carrying him around the house and outside. Converted our basement to a dog haven with foam matting everywhere so if he fell he wouldn't hurt himself.  It started getting worse, but was manageable with medication.  We haven't slept thru a night since October! But the kicker came this week, when his pain became unmanageable.  You can just tell when it's been enough for them.  /r/dadjokes needs you This is why I don't make my boyfriend go to my friends' weddings. He hates weddings, I like booze. Definitely not, it was just a little bit ago 

(checks) 

Oh... I love Reddit :) *4822 guys try to passive-aggressively flirt via comments* If I remember correctly, she was witch hunted and kicked out or something. It was on Reddit months ago with the story in the comments.  You...you are the one. Obligated OP you're super hot, don't need that bouquet. 

Went to my cousins wedding solo and had more fun single than in a couple. Having someone is nice, but people underestimate the freedom to do whatever you want.

If you're depressed and feeling lonely, remember: the majority of us are. So grab another single person (or 2, 3) and have a blast with life! So they got about six inches of snow? Hahaha! I get it now - he's homeless! Haha! Totally hopeless!! "Wuhshunee, shugguh?" God dammit, Vargas Actually not an option.  But good try. You're a good man, thank you for your service.... ;-) Have an upvote good sir, glad to hear she is recovering well! Best of wishes to you and your daughter.  ... I wanna eat it. Anyone else wanna eat it? Let's eat it. The 1700s was Stone Age in Hawaii.  I read an interesting article about this a while back. It was regarding Japan which has a similar thing.

Basically it came down to the fact that, in Japan at least, school days are the happiest point of many Japanese men's lives. Although they do study hard, they usually have a large circle of friends, less responsibilities, with a range of hobbies. In contrast, adult life in Japan largely consists of working 50+ hour weeks, the pressure to marry and have children, and in more modern times, the realization that they will not simply rise up the ranks of their company through presence alone.

The juvenilization of sex culture, as you put it, is a result of men being thrown into a grim adult world where their happiest memories are being in school with their friends, fun and teenage girls. It isn't so much a fetish of younger girls (though that exists in any society), but an escape to happier times.

Although I can't say if Taiwan is exactly the same, having lived in Japan for a decent length of time, this made the most sense to me and I wouldn't be surprised if this was true in other parts of Asia which share the same education/work ethics. in an underground garage? Windex buddy.. hitting on girls is weird and creepy shutup

anyways where's the friendzone subreddit Oh cool thanks for the response! Sticking on the collar is a gorgeous addition  Ya know they had a black fox avalible to be held but I chose the red fox for obvious reasons.  Thanks I'm trying but I'm not getting anywhere.  Wouldn't that just be Kung Fu Hustle again http://i.imgur.com/DdkIrBt.jpg YES!!  Yes, most of the time [they are made of 100 dollar bills](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/6b/d8/5c/6bd85c3c3d5287bf075c0e77c6517476.jpg). Some non traditional couples are now using cheaper options such as real flowers, but this is considered uncultured and is generally frowned upon.  Can't the helium be recycled? Is google fiber going to reach there soon? I ducked and covered last time I had to be in one of those.  Money doesn't buy common sense And the one at left is Penny from Happy Endings Do me do me Unlike the ending
 It is, serf! Don't upvote this post,the scumbag op is a reposter and steals content from other people without permission. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/2rki4y/the_ridges_of_a_crocodiles_tail_clearly_visible/ If you work in retail, 70% of the time its pretty damn trivial, you dont need a manager or even if you do, its because they are complaining about a 3 person queue which only a manager can listen to and do nothing about. The other 30% of the time, you can sometimes even call for a manager before they even ask for one simply because

1. Its over your head

2. You have no authority or ability to fulfil their request

3. You dont get paid enough to deal with someone who is angry at you/something else in the establishment. Let the manager deal with that shit and if you need to provide your side of the story, it is actually better to do so without the other guy there screaming about you, aka. Later.

4. Some other issue like they can only speak vietnamese or something so you need to call for someone who can hopefully translate or whatever.

But where that comment stems from is that you will find certain demographics are over represented when asking trivially for a manager. Uptight soccer moms 30s-40s is one of those categories. You seem buttered. Too dank to guild You've only just realised Apple will quite literally milk their customers for every penny they have? 
This news isn't new. Fuck apple and everything they stand for. Fuck off, dude. It's literally impossible to interact with women on this site without everyone assuming you're a fedora-humping mouth-breather. [I'm implementing dense ranking](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ranking)

You're thinking of standard competition ranking.   its a random black spot with white spots 1/10 [Reminds me of this](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2895745/Hilarious-engagement-photo-shows-three-sisters-showing-rings-fourth-pouring-glass-champagne.html) Nice Snowpiercer reference. Here, have an upvote. Jesus Christ people, do I have to do everything? http://www.macrumors.com/2014/02/28/apple-chat-support-fees/ You are hot!!  Need it! Was he arrested at a bowling alley? I've never seen a bouquet thrown at a funeral before.  That's why she is drinking  Same things happen when you're married. Just have to apologize to them in the morning. Then all is well once again.  Typical Scherbatsky.  Beautiful dog.

Interesting that we are a part of a dog's entire life yet they are a small part of ours (as far as time) but the impact they make

I'm sorry for your loss... :(

I dread the day I lose my Golden. It's right side up when you're drinking. So all you need to do is get a knife and chop the second d to move it next to the first one, and you're going to get rid of that pesky w but don't throw it out, cause one edge of that will become your i. Now turn the a upside down, get rid of most of the r - leave a bit for the apostrophe - and there you have it, Edwards -&gt; Eddie's!

But i think want you *really* want is to post this in one of those subs where people photoshop things for other people... Yeah very true but I don't think its as bad as meth. M'eme Don't bother looking guys! No /r/gonewild posts. As someone who builds the MRI rooms: I can confirm this information is accurate. I don't think that's true at all Take the money and run. lol Oh yea. It's my favorite controller of all time. It's the way it *fills* my hands.  No! The neckbeards will never get "Sir". Sir is a strong word. A sacred word. 

We fetishists called dibs.  Nah man, I'm just kinda confused. Amazing work!! I realized this years ago and stopped buying Apple crap This is a longshot.. but is that drake's beach near point reyes And often times most of your extended family Please marry me He probably smells like bad ass, too. lol "I want to speak with your manager" guy. YES I WILL Flip'em over No it isn't. These are four women in front of the counter, not behind it. These are customers. Taiwanese McDonald's cashier's dress almost exactly like American McDonald's cashiers. Probably these are just four women from a maid cafe (and these ARE common in Japan, and perhaps this is Japan) or simply dressing up for fun. 

I will hand it to the OP for coming up with a perfect BS headline that would get eaten up here though. The sarcastic one of the group, clearly GallowBoob you little rascal you. going purely by your comment and without actually knowing what transpired, seems to me like she deserved it, so long as she was not physically injured of course.  Tall Jong Un in the background? OP's date surely. I'm hearing Leslie Knope saying this sentence and she just couldn't handle what she was saying so lost it on the last word. Befre my first dog, Gary, passed at 12, we had a few days of puppy him.  He was doing his usual sprinting around in the back yard as fast as he could after a tennis ball.  He was having fun chasing around our German Sheperds that he had grown to accept haha.  In his last few weeks he would make his way onto my parents bed, and he ended up taking a pretty big fall from it a few days after he had his puppy-like days.  He passed away after the fall, we got him cremated with his favorite toy and a piece of his blanket he always snuggled.

I miss my grumpy old guy  I'm well aware, but that just doesn't sound as cool. Besides for getting the teeth from sharks they've caught, the overwhelming majority of teeth simply found on the beach would have been ones that fell out over the course of the shark's life. Had to go make sure I hadn't stumbled into /r/circlejerk ^All ^the ^single ^ladies, all the single ladies... Where is that? Benning? The red clay reminds me of Georgia. Woah now I never implied any of that for you, I thought you were a lady and I was trying it on with you.

I'll take that as a no? :&lt; I actually doubt that is you.  Because it usually involves significantly more hours of homework and they need to validate the extra time they spent not doing more fun things.  ...seriously? Seattle SuperChronics M'honey I like that you're probably drinking Vodka and not just wine!  I was thinking Alice Holy fuck, we have failed as a civilized species. She must have gotten boo'd so hard at least. So would this be considered biomedical engineering?  Season X? episode Y? please help the lazy who want to go watch this on netflix right now. *Three Bananas for the keyboard-kings under their parents' roof,*

*Seven for the Glorious PC Master Race in their halls of /r/gaming*

*Nine for /r/adviceanimals where memes shall never die,*

*One for /u/Warlizard of the Warlizard Gaming Forum on his dark throne*

*In the Land of /r/CreepyPasta where the Shadows lie.*

*One Banana to rule them all, One Banana to find them,*

*One Banana to bring them all and in the darkness bind them*

*In the Land of Reddit where the Mods shall never die.* Cobie Smulders is that you?  I wholeHEARTedly agree LOL "Let me show you Derelicte. It is a fashion, a way of life inspired by the very homeless, the vagrants, the crack whores that make this wonderful city so unique."

 I showed my Scot/Irish wife this. She flipped. Anyway you can send her one? 8,6,7,5,3,0,9 Thank you.  It makes us all very angry for a very clear reason. damned terrestrial bats Who want to get married anyway?  Can't we all just hangout?  Only if it's  GE magnet.
 [How dangerous magnetic items are when they are near an mri](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6BBx8BwLhqg) going to the betty ford clinic? I'm with you for the orange juice. The more pulp it has, the better it is.  They break off a leaf and press the gel to their tongue for a split second.  [other times](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0ft7s0GgD1qz6z2wo1_500.jpg)

Edit: formatting from mobile. Is that John Oliver in the back right? Is this the Glover Mansion? Awesome :) Welcome home! Those are really cool. I am partial to ships though.  Another poster here posted this link: https://www.google.ca/search?q=taiwan+mcdonald%27s&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=667&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=yXesVN2fKcmTsQSe7IHABg&amp;ved=0CAgQ_AUoAw&amp;gws_rd=cr#tbm=isch&amp;q=taiwan+mcdonald%27s+cashiers

borodino and iamkokonutz are idios. M'Sugar M'M'M'M'M'M'Ah-Honey-Honey nah they just had separate parties and such.  Except the button is in a casing, and says around it 'EMERGENCY COOLANT EJECTION'

I dont know where you're from, but if you think someone lifting a glass casing, and pressing a large red button because 'you thought it'd turn off the power' isnt at fault, then you've got problems I haven't actually visited there that I can remember! I'll have to do that :) That's awesome! Just one closed door between me and some pretty awkward, undesired body mods. Good to know.

Thank you for answering my question! I love the new facebook UI. I am both confused and intimidated.

I imagine that's what my end of most conversations with Scots would be like. Nothing! It happened in NZ which has a no blames policy for insurance You can't keep a hummingbird as a pet Made out of what material that would be able to stop a flying hunk of metal? If I where a wedding crashed you'd be my target.  Also note the notched letters. Some tab out and some are recessed.  To be fair you appear to be one of the smart ones in the bunch. this is going to sound random, but is the girl to your right named Whitney? Yeah, the new pic looks fucking dope.  I'm a grown man and I cried like a baby when I had to put my hedgehog to sleep. He was so sick and in so much pain. It was aweful. Urinary tract infection and an infection in his gums. He wouldn't eat and was pissing blood.  I feel for you. So sorry. Just post the pictures dammit! Well that's the best response i'm going to read on reddit today.... Awww Well I'm glad I could bring back some memories! Hope you can visit again someday. A lot is changing! Id marry the hell out of you. I think wed get along great. If you're in the north east let me know Reminds me of [this](http://cdn.bulbagarden.net/upload/thumb/0/09/677Espurr.png/250px-677Espurr.png) Judging by the dark attire and mansion this takes place in, I'm guessing this was a murder mystery wedding? I'd get it to garnish you with horns.  This is my kind of woman You remind me of my on again, off again gf. No fucks given. We have ferrets, no shit smell. Feed meat and clean litter box 2 times a day Face swap! You're just peanut butter and jealous. Just swap the gold for white gold, silver, or platinum.  An admittedly out of left field catastrophic failure of a glock in my wife's hands that resulted in 2 casing fragments and 1 fragment of the grip in her neck has lead to an admittedly irrational distaste for them. I know that was one in a million and I could buy dozens more and it would never happen again, but with something like that you don't get a second chance to fuck up.

My next purchase will be a sig, still torn on what model. I had for less than 24 hours a Scorpion Carry and LOVED it, but the day after I picked it up my wife gave birth to my daughter wgo went immediately into NICU so my financial situation took a drastic hit. But that 226.... Bride-to-be me! Rawr! http://i.imgur.com/RwtoBW4.gif Holy shit Sandra Dr. I haven't thought about that in forever. That has the car wash on 19, right? Short answer: yes. In our training, to show us how powerful it is, they put a little screw inside a tennis ball and stood at the back of the room with the ball on a string and tossed it in the air, holding on to the opposite end of the string. The string is so taut you can pluck it like a guitar. Looks like Davio's in Philly. &gt; It's in our contract.

I highly doubt you received a signature from even one, much less each and every bridesmaid.

&gt; I showed the bride this photo via Facebook and the bridesmaid and her friends were all laughing about it.

Of course they would.  They're friends and family, and sharing a photo on Facebook is expected to be limited to your local social network.  A popular comment on a front page post in a default *subreddit*, however, has the potential to be seen by *millions.*

&gt; So I don't know why you're up in arms here.

I am up in arms because that's what I would hope for from others were I in a similar situation.

&gt; I'd never post a photo of my ~~clients~~ if they didn't like it.

\*crazy bitches, lest we forget.

Edit:

&gt; I can screen cap the convo if you REALLY care so much about it.

All I'm interested in is the "Model Release Form" you originally ***claimed*** to have. [Mandatory comment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjQ1xD6UL-4)  sorry ^Not ^really  *cloth falls over face* Since when do they throw bouquets at funerals? Okay, so it polarizes you on a molecular level considering we use them to image the hydrogen in your body. What does that feel like? Nothing really, you don't even notice at lower field strengths, but everyone's tolerances are a bit different.

At higher field strengths, 3 Tesla and above usually, you start to have inner ear issues when moving through the field. Basically walking through the room can mess you up. 

Leaning into the bore of the magnet is also interesting. Your mouth can have a metallic taste(touching a fork to braces), your mouth waters, you feel pressure on your eyes and ears(slight), and if going into a really strong magnet 7T+ face down it feels like you are drunk and the room is spinning. 

Most common side effects are headache and nausea, but all appear to be short term only. Yes it is. Why doesn't your 3T have a ferr alert system installed by the door? God damn it Arkansas out floridaed us I'm this cat, man! BOBBA DOBBA DEE BOP DOP DAH DUP BOP! Its aloe. xD He was homeless. Google Brother Sharp. He was homeless. Google Brother Sharp. The last wedding I went to was of my best friend. By the time she was going to throw the bouquet, *nobody* wanted to be on the floor. They had to coax the other (single) women to be there. Nobody really wants to be married in my circle of acquaintances! So in the end, there were like 3-4 women in there, my friend threw the bouquet, and it fell on the floor. One awkward girl picked it up so it just wouldn't stay there hahaha. http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/sep/26/justice-last-evil-woman-outed-grabbing-girls-game-/ Is this in Pittsburgh by any chance? I agree here.  If you are supervising an MRI it's your responsibility to the hospital to make sure it can still operate.  They don't make you any money when they are shut down.
 You look exactly like robbin for how I met your mother! He was homeless. Google Brother Sharp. That was a pretty good example. hope badass pays the bills homie I was thinking more Adele Dazeem. I love Colorado! I go out there at least once a year. I feel like it's my second home. Lots of Iowans, and yes, lots of good photo ops! I'll have a coke then. What season was this? I stopped watching a few ago and need to catch up. Booze?  Is that why you're wearing blue instead of black, too? Aaaand this is exactly what I will be doing come August...  I am also the best man.  Should be a good time.  M'lady boyfriend wants to know what you use in your hair. They are, usually correctly, implying that women like that are complaining about something that they shouldn't be.  

"we sold out of this item 3 days ago, the mailer you have is a week old, it clearly says 'while stocks last'"
"I WANT TO SPEAK TO YOUR MANAGER!" Your welcome! Thanks for checking it out! Being early would have saved your life too...  Somehow the word "hot" hasnt been used in this thread yet. Surprising.

Youre hot. What good would that do? Calm down, guy. Got a coffee time? He is also pretty. Must be tough to shift. http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/542/481/c7b.gif You are giving off some major Liz Lemon vibes in this picture  Buy police are above all laws, right? That's how they act anyway... Their smell doesnt come from a scent gland. How many pairs of pants does he have on?? I'm gonna drink till my vagina no longer has an echo No way! I'll wave to every snow plower from now on hoping it's you. I just popped on because it sounded fun. 100% of the stories were not drunk people nor even remotely ambiguous.

You are, indeed, a wise individual. I yearn for that... I got married early because I thought I wanted it, but it turns out that I don't. At all. Divorce incoming. (The woman is a bitch.) Damn you're right You can see her nipnap if you zoom in oh my god he could not be more British looking Awww. So many feelings. You're making me tear up (': the alcohol will surely accelerate the effects of the wall.  watch out for enhanced signs of aging such as a wrinkly face, poor body composition, and the decline of organ health.  "wow, she's 37? I thought she was like 44" just around the corner. My favorite also. This looks like something from Portal. Uh huh. Bullshit. me chinese, me no dumb, me go smelling daddies bum...! I'm pregnant and this made me bawl. You're a bitch. Now now old boy, sometimes it's just drizzle, sometimes it's sleet. Because most metal implants aren't ferrous or magnetic, so there's no real risk. Mostly, they ask the question just to make damn sure, because it depends where and when you got the implant. hypothetically speaking... No tilt/shift here. Just straight primes shot at F2.0. But yes, tilt/shift and snow = very cinematic and dramatic! The word Hitlerize means to bring up Hitler in an argument in an example so that it is difficult to counter argue given the stigma behind his wickedness and undisputed evil. This is often seen as a cheap tactic, but it's the only way I can think to describe this. Hitler killed jews, blacks, and homosexuals, but at least he didn't kill all French civilians.  Two red foxes, one camera. Oh man these comments are going to be creepy. Legs aren't browned enough :( Come visit any time! Lots of fun bars and restaurants to hang out at! You're statements are correct, but they aren't correct together. Ring is still on the left hand, and on the middle finger. Rings of significance (i.e. engagement and wedding) are on the ring finger. Brunettes &gt; everything lesson learned for her next life Never settle!!  Yeah well you're a perverted manwhore...... She would. You wouldn't. Vin Diesel recently pic.. It's the meth head Sylvester Stallone... Joy! I think I'm the only one who lives here who prefers the cold weather, being a bearded, flannel wearing, former Booney and all.  Some of can dream. Some of us can dream to disappoint women out of our league. Right you are, Ken! "I wonder how I can talk you out of ever making that face again" Is it just me or does anyone else see a handprint on the woman to the right? Clever. It also kinda helps that you're probably the best looking one in the group, and just in general. 

This was supposed to be a compliment and came out as a passive agressive attack. This is why I'm a failure with women. Anyway, keep being a true beauty OP! This is golden. That's fine with me personal favorite:

garter hits the ground. all the guys just stand there. You go to MIT? I don't know what more you want. It was WW2 and power from dictators is crazy. Stalin didn't care about the Ukrainians because they were so easily controlled in the USSR. Balkan people btw were hardly harmed by the Soviets so its irrevelant to bring them up.

Famine/Starvation is horrible but what the Nazis did was quite worse with the **intention** to kill 6 million Jews and other races. To wipe out Eastern Europe for expansion. That is why Nazi Germany's flag is so offensive. Everything is supported by flying that flag proudly.

Now what about Imperial Japan during this? Perhaps the most atrocious war crimes were happening even the Germans were surprised what they were doing. Yet, their flag has remained the same  for nearly their whole history even today. Now it just is a flag to a nation. The Rising sun flag is perhaps the controversial flag here where Koreans and Chinese hate to see. But did you know that flag is still used today by the Japanese Navy? and even the U.S military uses it today. 


Basically: The Flags represent a nation/belief The arm and sickle represents the working people that made the structure of Communism. The USSR fell and that flag is no longer in use. The U.S has done some bad things as well but that flag is still flown proudly because **despite their history not being perfect**, it is national flag after all




**Nazi Germany**: The whole nation has turned to horrible and brutal methods with support of Genocide and mass deaths of other races. Hence, flag at that time is bad.

**USSR:** Alliance of Countries with heavy influence of Russia and Bordering countries. Flag 100% represents Communism and glory to a nation believed to strive and give equal satisfaction to life. Russia known to be careless except to themselves so corruption and famine occur. Yes its sad but not as sad as 6 million intended deaths.

**Imperial Japanese Flag/Modern day Japan flag:** Despite the rising flag being nearly always pointed at to only represent Japanese Imperialism along with the war crimes, it was not actually intended for war crimes but a symbol under Japanese control and main Navy use because the country is an Island. Even today its used by Japan and U.S military bases there. About as controversial as America's Confederate Flag which is almost always pointed at Slavery/Lynchings but is actually to show Southern Pride against Northerners. Season 5 or 6, I think? Dee Gets Knocked Up, or something like that  Didnt the city council make chicken coops illegal?  Also where is that exactly? Leave it to Reddit.

This is agreed upon knowledge.

In 1990 it was 2,200,000 lines of computer code.

That's 2.2 million!  

The Data General computer to run it was the size of two large refrigerators side by side.

Sorry, don't have any Reddit Proof.

 I'd marry you on that premise alone. Well that's a good thing then because everything you've typed has been one sentence almost.

I think you're failing completely to make a point or just don't understand that when most companies go bankrupt and close their doors like this they do NOT pay out severance to people.

You need to make a point or just not go off one example somewhere in the thread where you didn't even reference to me about a coffee chain went out and gave people 4 weeks severance. All I can think is, "My god, if either one of the blondes in front eats shit her tongue is going to end up a good deal shorter." *Sounds like something I would say.

FTFM http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/You+know+its+true+they+forgot+the+live+laugh+love_73d7fc_5360907.png Do me! You act like I don't already know this... Smartass. I bet this how the conversation went    
girl - OMG I can't believe it its Harry Potter    
him - I'm not Harry Potter    
Girl - could I take a picture with you? My husband is a huge fan    
Him - But I'm telling you I'm not harry Potter!!     
Girl - alright smile!    
Him - sigh.... 
 I miss all those delicious beverages, wish I could get half of them stateside without ordering bulk. We're a very unusual community where our population to downtown area ratio is WAY off. As a "city" of 45,000 people and only five blocks of downtown retail, it makes for a very busy and active downtown. But very quaint still. If it is any help, I used to eat the stuff raw while in the Dominican Republic on an aid retreat, and after you let the initial ooze out of the plant after cutting it open and skinning, it is actually not bad. Ate small bits once a day for some new texture and nutrition compared to the food they cooked regularly. Definitely good. The aether . It's ok I also thought he was hot. I'd love him....  Idk I haven't read it. Just a lame reference about the guy with two penises. I'm all about the low hanging fruit http://cdn.thejournal.ie/media/2012/08/mckayla-maroney.jpg This looks like a movie still from a rom-com where the hot-but-normal single girl main character learns to love herself first before she finds true love who was there by her side alllll along.   It's not often I see an image that makes me think:

"I want to rub that on my face." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UeBihoUS3W8 I wouldn't count on it, something about their only purpose being to lacerate the shit outta whatever is unfortunate enough to be on the receiving end of it may make the TSA a tad uncomfortable. You must be the old man creeping in the back, eh?  Yeah enjoy yourself back there You stole that joke from the last time this GIF was posted.   ok. Come visit :) Lots to do here, surprisingly. Well, I guess if you're into eating and drinking that is :) I don't get this post? What's the picture mean with the title about the wife? What? /r/Anna_Faith -26F I don't know why, but I hate the word creepy. Maybe its because it's used to suppress any expression of opinion about other people. Not that being creepy is good, but used to an extent which removes its impact.  Sorry for stereotyping your wife...  You obviously don't know how any of this works.  This made me cry. I remember putting my most recent dog down and I could have only wished that I could have taken such a beautiful final shot with a friend I will forever miss. This poem really helped me get through when I just couldn't deal. Maybe you can share it with him..

The Rainbow Bridge  https://rainbowsbridge.com/poem.htm Turnip for what!!!  did your arm fall off or wut [And I made it look untrippy](http://i.imgur.com/i6XFrQX.jpg?1) Shits gonna get real. Imagine getting trashed at Starbucks? Ironically she was a child psychologist and was ran out of her town after this. [Check it](http://thedamienzone.com/2014/09/09/identity-of-baseball-stealing-woman-revealed). [To get Riggity Riggity Wrecked Son!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sS_cAAAhgPM&amp;t=4s) Nice case. I'd recommend staring into the beautiful soul of the NZXT H440. Its beautiful. The only thing is, its only available in mid tower :( You pose a fine point. Get a second one, then tie a teeny tiny hammock between them. I obviously don't care *^(edit:)* about how you *think* any of this works. He kind of reminds me of Tenzin (I think was his name) from Uncharted 2 Size 300 cylinder is gas not liquid. Usually to fill a magnet after a quench is going to be between $25-50 thousand depending on if there is still any helium left in the system afterwards. That won't top it off, but it will get it functional again. See jdnizzle above.  No way! That is so awesome! Where are you from? That'd actually be a really cute/romantic little get away. A lot has changed in 7 years though, way more bars and restaurants.  0 fucks given Ouch. Hope it's insured.  Missing the corn starch button. Me and my gf went to two weddings this year and we got hammed at both of them. It's was a lot of fun, she's pretty much my best friend. Depends on who your dating I guess  Like *sesquipedalianist,* which describes a person who uses ("foot and a half") long words. This is weird, but I live in your neighborhood.  He is a great guy, and lives just across the street from me.  You should meet him one day. &gt; Cue* ;-)

"That's no moon, that's a giant hard-boiled egg!" I love Detroit!  That gangsta bird is gonna shit on everybody talkin shit about the D! Oh, so you're like one of those guys from youtube who walk around being a jackass, then when they're about to get their ass kicked they run away yelling 'it's just a prank'? I think Kim Jong Un was there, hiding back center, if you're interested. Wait, who? Does anyone know why we stick our tongues to the side of our mouths when we're focused on something ?  oh god I've seen that comment a million times. never linked them in my head....but I've also seen that movie at least 5 times.

 Isn't that Hearst Castle?  That's awesome!!! I've been to Muscatine. One of my old bands played a festival called "Truck-A-Palooza" in probably 2004 ish... haha It was very unusual, but we had a lot of fun. Dear u/topper12-42, this is what happens when you get that drunk. This would have sounded funnier in person, around company who are familiar with your humor and exploits, but said company this is not. This is everyone's reddit. 

If this is the worst thing you do when you get drunk, well, not bad, friend, but still... Remember this, move forward, and go easier on the go-juice next time. 

Truly yours truly-
You.  I was really hoping that that would be an active sub. That's the sexiest thing I've seen on reddit.

Then again I'm borderline alcoholic and have a realistic view on love and marrige-hysteria  Goddamit, I had so much hope for you to not be a new account Mom's hummus So what you're saying is that you think it happens all the time, so when he made that comment about that one woman you just lumped it with all the other times people had made remarks about women in general?  no, she looks 34, a veteran of one night stands and drink specials, and cresting the hill to quickly descend into an abyss of loneliness. http://i.imgur.com/j1Dvtql.gif Because U Deserve What Every Individual Should Enjoy Regularly.   A girl who cleans up nicely and doesn't give a fuck?! MARRY ME! 

(1/2 joking, 1/2 serious, 1/2 drunk)  Huh... What was I even into when I was 10?

probably mostly Yu-Gi-Oh I was gonna say Idina Menzel /r/DIYHenna or 82.. You look cool.  http://i.imgur.com/buiEe79.jpg Wasn't looking for proof, just wasn't sure if it was conjecture or if it was something quantifiable. Interesting all the same! Open the ass jump poo race? Aspiring events planner here -- oh ugh that sounds terrible and awkward and I wouldn't know what to do in that situation. haha thanks. Not to be super douchey about it, but I've had that youtube name for years. WAY before the whole "erma gerd" thing. That sure took the wind out of my sails ;) haha Goddammit default subreddits are the least interesting thing ever. Save this shit for your fucking facebook friends. this is brilliant.  not even relevant really Where was this?  It reminds me of the Old St Mary's convent in Blenheim, NZ. I'm still confused. Do those machines act as hyper-industrial vacuums?  From my perspective, the machine became a giant vacuum or someone got REALLY mad. I remember my friend was set up clear sight to the materny ward front doors... got accused by IRL mods for "spawn camping". Such bullshit... [OP's inbox, sorry.](http://i.imgur.com/QgJUL.gif) I'm too drunk to taste this chicken. You should Google model release form.  Thanks for letting me know. I knew it looked like him but its such a difference. They should use him for a psa haha. How dare he assume how much you're charging for your oranges! If you were making a joke, sorry. But I'm generally fed up with the uncultured and ignorant way most people on this site talk about and interact with women. Is this real. If so this is awesome I wish all my friends weren't already married so I could embarrass myself at open bars more often.  Holy fucking shit.... I'm guessing people with "rods" or pace makers cannot get within a 100 feet of one of these.  Or giant hands Does no one notice the obvious Photoshop in this picture and the likelihood that op is a neckbeard or dyou just wana jam your dick in anything that could possibly resemble a chick well it is about 700 miles, so it won't be this weekend. may see if I can find the radios station again though. I should have a handle called unfinished_stories. M'artini Guessing, based on the title of your attempted /r/photoshopbattles submission, that this is not actually you in the photo. She's coming back as a flatworm. Because that's how she ended this life.  [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGwnff_RkDE) is a short vid I found. It's all fun and games until the thing grows up and drowns her in the bathtub. Single over 30.  He's not wearing his hood up so no.  [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGwnff_RkDE) is a short vid I found. They just stick it in your nose at cvs now. I would still expect her to get her fair share of dick-in-the-nose. Or BioMechanical Engineering. Well, here it comes! Curious where you read that. It was 98-99 for me and things did seem quite nice around then Something similar happened at my hospital a year ago.  A no longer employed tech decided to store a Non-MRI safe crash cart in the suite.  Luckily no one was in the room. You know what they say about great minds.... I like how they try on what looks like thousands and thousands worth of jewelry and then they text on dumbphones You can be if you want to be gentlesir.  Its because she already has a ring on her finger Do me! M'gneto Post to /r/mathpics I am actually incorrect in the venting. When the magnet is emergency stopped, it needs to be quenched. Ramping down takes a lot longer, but does not require quenching (venting helium) if done properly. [Check out the Wikipedia article on superconducting magnet operation.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superconducting_magnet#Operation) /r/trollxchromosomes After this post you could probably be the queen of /r/creepyPMs . So which one's desperate to get married then? I mean sipping on Grenadine doesn't really do anything to anyone. She should've kicked everyone out of the bouquet's way and let the throw end up on the floor. Yet you're the one I want to put a ring on.  No question his way was better.  I am going to try it.  :D Yes, but small items can be removed by hand. Attraction goes up exponentially with mass. (Paperclips are easy, screwdrivers are doable, but crescent wrenches aren't coming out) Which is sad.  It started off so strong... Looks like a model. Season 6 Episode 7: Who Got Dee Pregnant?

Fucking hilarious episode. http://i.imgur.com/wbuV2pl.jpg Shut the Fuck up Carl. Medicine isn't supposed to taste good. "Could you wipe me while you're down there?" http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/748/427/0c7.gif I wonder now if these priorities are determined by the color of the hair!  Staying free and looking damn good doing it?  i wanna kick that woman in the box til' it bleeds. Don't even put that idea out there.  You're going to have every ugly ass Redditor out there trying to memeify themselves. They made you put on the scrubs so you wouldnt have any metal on you. They took it for granted because you had the scrubs on. Honestly I'm surprised it took this long. I was expecting some creepers earlier or higher up in this thread.  But where is the Gryffindor banner? Great picture. Very down to earth. nor his nose

look at that thing, you could could put lights on it and use it as a lighthouse Aah the old Unidan-eroo. No she isn't. She's attractive. Single guys, THIS would be the one to go for.  The others are waaaayyy to needy for the marriage trap. Maybe those are stilts I can tell that you're hot. I like the face of the man on the bottom right , he is thinking "shit, shit, not to my girlfriend" And then light it on fire Yes, they also taught us that funerals are absolute horrible places to try and hookup with a single lady. Neat.  You ain't stealing real estate with no fucking ice. I lived in Iowa for seven years and absolutely fell in love with it. It always bugged me when people from out of state would scoff at what life "must be like" in Iowa. When you become part of a community like this and leave, it's then you realize how amazing it was to know the people around you and feel like you're a part of something. These shots are amazing and take me back. Great work OP! &gt; Liquid helium is not fucking cheap these days. 

When I was a young boy, I could buy liquid helium by the bottle, delivered to my door for 5 shillings and thruppence.  Doesn't the quotation usually go inside the quotation marks? Is it cool that I consider you the most attractive one there? Something about that little sweater-jacket plus the oblivious wine-gulping and the Cobie Smulders hair just makes me believe you're the one that doesn't need to run for a bouquet. Except all the teeth in your link are tiger shark teeth, which would be common in Hawaii.  These are most certainly not.  Size and form are closer to a great white, which doesn't spend much time in Hawaii.  Which makes this a bit of a puzzle.  If it was from New Zealand, would make a lot more sense. I hope a piano or an anvil lands on her. This is a side street. Usually the city will have plow trucks that keep the main roads fairly clear. They also spray salt which helps keep the snow melted. If roads are wet or a little snowy, they are passable. Ice is what you really have to watch out for. Threatening them with SEO harm that you can't do for something that the couple and people in the image are completely OK with? Looks like you care.  You can burn or melt things on the stove depending on the correct temperature.  Cheese melts at a lower temperature than the flame of a lighter but cheese does burn at higher temperatures.  Indian jewelry: even Persian guys say "damn that's too much gold"

No, I'm kidding. No Persian man has ever said that. &gt; Oh my God I sound so white.

the "oh my god" didnt help, becky I find it hilariously stereotypical that the blondes are the ones who seem most interested in this. It's not an Apple exclusive method though.  I worked for another big name that did the same thing with Windows machines.  They'd push us to sell "out of scope" support packages knowing full well the machines were un-fixable.  If a company is publicly traded, I expect nothing less than this type of evil from them. Sad state of affairs. I love being singles, I just hate having sticky singles. That you prefer alcoholism over marriage?
 MRI researcher here with an implanted fake metal tooth. Basically anything lodged that good into bone isn't going to move. When I first asked about it, I got a similar response to what you got, and that worried me too. Now I've held things that pull towards the magnet in my hands (things that fall into the "MR Conditional" safety category), and I totally understand what they mean by "should."

Here "should" means "as long as those screws are installed correctly and aren't loose for some weird reason." Good looking AND priorities straight? Wife material. A trilby is a fedora in the same way that a dog is a wolf I know that feel. Ive been best man 3 times. Always gone stag. My thoughts alsays drifted to wine, cake, and when the hell can I take these dress shoes off? Sorry kid. That is a real shame. Mine too lol http://i.imgur.com/sWMstJl.gif At least your rug "looks" cleaner than it would if your dog were light colored, but poor pup... The facial expressions in this picture are priceless This is what reddit has become? Oh.  I thought they could've used glue they traded maybe. Thanks. the edits in the top left and top right of the card are so smooth they don't even look edited in at first glance Us guys have been doing the same thing at our friend's weddings, except it's with a 40. Whoever catches it is the next to get dangerously intoxicated.  The next few weeks will be cold, sir.  I apologize for your lack of foresight. :( You are a strong independent woman who don't need no bouquet! The last wedding I went to was of my best friend. By the time she was going to throw the bouquet, nobody wanted to be on the floor. They had to coax the other (single) women to be there. Nobody really wants to be married in my circle of acquaintances! So in the end, there were like 3-4 women in there, my friend threw the bouquet, and it fell on the floor. One awkward girl picked it up so it just wouldn't stay there hahaha.

I'm already married so no coaxing for me. But this is the 28/30-somethings group. I thought there were going to be more desperate women. I guess not! Comedy gold if it beans her in the head.  Quick, someone post in /r/nsfw  Turns out you can teach new dogs old dogs tricks dogs.  Silly rabbit!  Damn, I was just thinking the exact same thing after browsing through [this]( https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/2rj1vf/top_100_waywts_of_2014/) post.  Is that Wallace Hall?  He doesn't need sneaky tricks like that to get karma.  Not when he's killing it with his "lol" comments. I can absolutely see that. It's got that old-meets-new feel. Kinda steampunk almost - new tech meets a more classic architecture style. Single and not quite ready to put my drink down. Not to mention, those drinks are free.  Make hay while the sun shines! "I'm not an alcoholic I'm a drunk!"  
Hahaha soo clever.  

But driving at a wedding is hardly evidence that somebody is a drunk I went to that subreddit once, and I just backed right out.  I felt the stares through the Internet. Especially when they cock that hip out and maintain an unblinking stare. Haha, WTF.  None of your facebook friends like your kid either. can anybody post that pic of the drunk dude who had his peepee hanging out while he was out on the dance floor Schwarzeneggers right arm looks gross.  Did he use steroids? That's not irony. You rock! OP is not sad. OP gives no fucks. Finger Lickin' Good! Attractive. That could just as easily be proximity to the bouquet's destination. &gt;I'm too drunk to ~~taste this chicken~~ catch this bouquet  http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/492/904/fb4.gif Still a better love story than Twilight.  M'gusta That matches up perfectly. My 2014 Christmas Card. Was inspired by all the others posted, I won't lie and say I was a freethinker there.  Said the sad person.  Nah I was 10 in around 1990-1995 and nothing was cool back then. It was all shit. Stuff became cool again when we hit 2000. Oh god, that's awful. Hugs for ya. i read that as "noisy fox" and got way too exited to find out what they say If you knew it then why did you question it? I officiated my sisters wedding and my gf was my plus one. Luckily we had to run an errand to get my truck so we missed the bouquet and the garter toss but I heard my heavy over 50 single aunt drunkenly ran to the floor to catch it, hit a table and flipped it. Luckily no one was sitting at the table. Whats with this? http://i.imgur.com/jzq1FF1.png Somebody also explained elsewhere on here that formerly it was a tradition/law that any jewelry the bride wears on her wedding day is her property and the husband and his family can not claim ownership of it. You are hot but reddit has taught me 

bald+goatee = Heisenberg

Black+nice smile = wayne brady

 I'm on mobile, not at home, and really not feeling like I have to prove myself to an Internet stranger. I worked late at my weekday job, I'm tired, was browsing reddit and thought people would enjoy the contribution to this post. Really didn't mean to get you all worked up bud, wasn't trying to do any harm.  That's the size ratio for a human to emperor penguin!? I thought they were massive! My whole life has been a lie!!!!!! You are gorgeous!  I was getting mad pussy in 2003 yo Why don't we have vending machines that bad ass in the states?  Yeah, you're so much better than those troglodytes  "If you go home with somebody and theydon'thavebooks,don't fuck them." - John Waters &gt; Source: Had a medical botany class while obtaining a degree in Biology.

I'm jelly.  I had to do parasitology.  Thank you for your honesty Probably got dumped by someone who looked/acted like OP. KJU in the back Schofield.  Those ladies got that Michael Jordan tongue!  That's how you know they will be GOATs. Bitter bitch drinking her dusty pussy into oblivion. What's sad is Tanishq's jewelry really isn't that great compared to most. Their commercials tend to be spot on, though. 

 donkey kong approved It's really not. Indian weddings work out quite well. 
It's not like every marriage in America turns out amazing just because the spouses picked one another.  Harm?  If they did nothing wrong, then there shouldn't be any harm.  I mean, they included their watermark on the image and everything.  The only reason it might do harm is if the act they committed was in some way reprehensible.  Is that what you're saying?  Because then I *might* just have to agree with you.  ;) Nah, 7's in jail for eating 9. Serendipitous  Well I guess his arm is never going to the playoffs... Dimensions? Hope you've dealt with SEO extortion before. No, Harry Potter should be. No. maybe. yes. Jesus, fucking, Christ! Sadly, I'd like to see that. I just want to know how it happened, not to watch the kid guy.  Are you sure it was "pulling?" That sounds unlikely. I work as an MRI researcher, and I'd be more worried about heating than pulling. I know that look.

When the dog comes back from the groomer, the cat gets very wary because he doesn't know if this is his dog or not. WAAAAAAAAAAY DOWNNNNNN It would help if you just posted a list of the letters available on each row, yeah? This part is always so awkward for the single folks. Cheers to you for making the best of it! Not that bad... compared to other places in China. And it's not always like that. Id fuck any of these girls... Aside from the bird and her beached whale And one bitter single woman who made the OP. Kangaroos are my second favorite animal. I'm very jealous.  Will you marry me? Holy Crap is this the Houstonian? I stayed there for a wedding recently and it looks exactly the same... Your wife sucks at explaining things.  Not currently, the superconductors in these systems need to operate much colder than liquid nitrogen temps(I think most vendors are using a niobium doping currently, titanium niobium etc.) 

While there are super conductors that work at liquid nitrogen temps they are mostly ceramics and not really suited for MRIs due to the vibrations and stresses on them. They would shatter. I am willing to bet that all the major vendors(GE, Philips, Siemens, Toshiba, etc.) are working on it though since that would be a huge improvement and a major money saver. There isn't one.  There is a "Facebook convo" where the bride said they were "loling".  Those bridesmaids almost certainly did not sign anything. Shannon? The feels...it hurts...RIP.
 If these bitches get in a frenzy you might wear your priorities. [If your cat snores or rolls over on his back to expose his belly, it means he trusts you.](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-04/enhanced/webdr03/9/18/enhanced-buzz-27283-1397080897-15.jpg) Or a rich whore's veins in WW2. All these ratchet hoes need all the luck they can get.   That's it. My apologies in that I got the age wrong. What happened was such a tragedy. The 1800's called, laughed and hung up. Didn't even want their pen back. All I see right now is BOLT. Yeah Ive seen it quite a lot of times on finished builds and it was the case I wanted up untill I stumbled across this one. I got it simply because it looks so good, it has something's that need to be worked like cable management holes Damn, he's me too. Hey... OP has a ring on her finger!  You mustn't have any idea what extortion is if you think the word in any way applies here. At least it was 5 years ago. the memes about upper middle class entitlement, really. the haircut and the fashion which goes with it screams, "i may be too old to be a trophy wife, (or perhaps i never was and i am having a midlife crisis about it), but i'm still the center of the universe." it's like a guy wearing a a sweater and an ascot, it has just become synonymous with affluenza and vapid faux aristocratic douchery by virtue of proximity. nah he was a muscovy... he was an awesome pet. Cats can jump up to 7times their tail length. &gt;"... before it got defaulted"

It used to require objectively interesting pictures, but like all default subs it was flooded with enough shitty content that they just gave up. Pyscho #1 or Pyscho #2 &gt; first drink

mmhm That is so fucking awesome. 

Did you find out what the plan was for this little guy?  Ok I'm on it now. I'm assuming it's only a few letters off from its found position.  I was at a wedding last fall, where the best man was my ex-boyfriend of four years, while I was the maid of honor. We had set the couple up.

My ex-boyfriend had decided to bring his new girlfriend to the wedding, who he had cheated on with me, when I did not know they were dating. He then broke up with this girl, when I found out and told him that I felt really awful that he would rekindle things with me at the expense of another person. We saw each other again for a few months before I moved to a different city and then a different country. Fast forward a few months to the wedding - he brought that same girl as his plus one, who apparently had been told the whole story, and agreed to date him again. 

The pictures aren't out yet, but I share your prioritization.  I was just going to say that "Be sure to drink your ovaltine." **username_criticism**

*  Descriptive yet concise

* Has an underscore, making it impossible to play in Scrabble

* Criticism has a very negative connotation, it makes your presence a threatening one, as if you exist only for derision and not commentary

Final Grade: B- Thats pretty bad for a 6yo. Is she retarded or something? http://i.imgur.com/7qQG6fT.png No, I lumped it in with all the times people have made that specific remark in general. My heart breaks for the family of the boy, as well as for the person who left the oxygen tank in the room. It's not something one gets over. Dude, you HAVE to play the lottery today.   http://imgur.com/6ExfYCk Indian American here. We aren't Asian.  We conceded that continent to China a long time ago.   as a single guy in my 30s, this type of thing either builds character or makes them completely broken and worth avoiding. I meant can't breath as in you are breathing but you don't feel like you're getting air. POOR IMPULSE CONTROL You forgot to include yourself, sport.  It's real! It's made by one man. THE Man.  "Good god, Lemon!" For a second that statue on top of the fireplace looked like a giant floating condom. this whole schtick is already getting old. I was actually thinking "fish" recently. Her eyes on way on the sides of her head! Well... Is it? I need more poeple like you in my life. Sigh.. You look like a young simon pegg If I had a picture that made me look that badass, I would blow it up and frame it over my fireplace. I can promise beautiful singing, if that helps! This is articuno smh guys  And a bare girl! ITS PRONOUNCED MAY MAY Single by choice or your raging lunatic what did he say? The fairer sex they say. addicts will be addicts. I'm sure they used some kind of glue. I mean, with whom would they have traded? Seriously, take a look at where Hawaii is located. But 1700s Hawaii was definitely Stone Age.  There's little to no metal to be found.  Are you Cupid? Looks perfect Going to a wedding with a date means you can't take advantage of an open bar?  Huh? Toasted So tastes like a kilt Front row, blonde hair, third from left. Is that Dee from always sunny in Philadelphia??? You....I like you lol. SCOTLAND FOREVER What... Is ... This?!?? Pacemakers, yes... Because of the electronic components being interfered with by the magnetic fields. But I have two Harrington rods in my spine from scoliosis surgery and I'm in there all day sometimes. Most implants are not ferromagnetic. A photo at a pub, great submission. You want cock? Nope, no dye.  Just probably sensitive to the whole situation.  Thanks though.  &gt; Enough to lift a house? :)

This is an over shoot of the true value but from the Simens website for a 7T MRI(fucker masses 38 tons!) the max volume of liquid He is 11k liters which is about 1300 kg of He at the He triple point. This is 7.6 million liters of room temperature He. In air each liter can lift 1.05 grams of stuff so this is about 7600 kg of payload. The curb mass of a Ford F150 pickup truck is about 2400 kg.

**tl;dr:*The He in an MRI machine at a hospital can, at most, lift three pickup trucks, likely much less. It can't float your house away. You need to rob more then one hospital if you want to do the best UP cosplay ever.   

 [Anybody else notice the **ghost** trying to choke/molest this poor woman?](http://imgur.com/y4iU9zz) oh oh gimma dat assssss I put the screw in the tuna Not bullshit.. I have a gallon of Aloe juice in my fridge. It's the most hydrating thing ever. It doesn't taste to bad either. Kinda like slightly bitter water. Is that the Detroit Yacht Club? Marry Me!
 Typically, revolvers don't have safeties.  Change the rug, or give the dog a dye job. I'd provide a link for a case that looks like the h440 but I don't know any...  Perhaps because where all the machinery [is isn't](http://rs2img.memecdn.com/except-nothing_o_736501.jpg) where all the computers are? 

The following shots really follow through, but not that first one. This is amazing. My great-grandfather's last name was Fleshman. He was one of the lead chemists (not a physicist), and worked in Hawaii and Oak Ridge, TN. I have a pic of the certificate he received for his work, but there's no indication of his title or department. Great-grandma died just a few years ago, but she would always change the subject whenever I asked about it. I think she was just ashamed of the outcome of the Manhattan project, no matter how I tried to convince her that it was important, even if tragic. 

Here's the certificate. It's a copy, because my mom has the original. http://imgur.com/VTl9L I tried a number of searches but my Google-fu has apparently tapped out for today. Can't find anything relevant based on the various search phrases I used. I don't know which is funnier, you with a drink or two girls trying so hard their, 'try hard face' has them with their tongues out! Haha!  Hello http://imgur.com/mWXC7Yn Interestingly, my relative attraction to them is exactly inverse to that.

3, 1, 2, 5, 6, 4, 2
 would down vote for being morbid and rude, but I was thinking the same thing His Uggs are definitely cute
 they got to get a new scaffold anyway, look how rusted and folded up it is. This girl has her priorities straight. Flowers don't get you laid, alcohol gets you laid My gf was the exact same way at a friend's wedding. The funniest part was that she accidentally caught the bouquet and upon realizing it threw it to the ground.  &gt;Confirmed, is a bird

 Oh wow. He never was allowed to buy that turnip.  He was blown up. I should load up that game again.

Pre-halo Bungie games are pretty great Hey or maybe that she gets some water splashed on her and she *melts.* Dammit, who let Satan put down the runners? Your username is so depressing. Although, I suppose there's a dark beauty to it. I like how you think string cheese is real cheese. You should try some real cheese from a deli, I'm not saying it will melt either but those are both sheese products not the real thing. The girl on the left's knees look like human faces.  http://i.imgur.com/GHVtpG6.gif You had one job... This is /r/photoshopbattles gold. Cat- What is this sorcery?  If there was ever a comment made by a fedora-humping mouth-breather, it would be this comment right here. Logistically it makes sense to do it in the factory, but in the field the cost per system to add that equipment isn't worth it. Most systems coming out now are normally zero boil off(except when there are problems). In the past you might put in 250-500 liters a year. Now you don't do that anymore at least(though many of those systems are still out there and in use for at least another decade) Reminds me of the guy from the movie Snowpiercer Yawn a perfect example of why I prefer brunettes to blondes  Thumbelina's tree. :) What is this supposed to mean? I like you!  Goard for him. Day three: thay haven't know ticed yet.. My tummy is showing, but my xbox is not for weddings. Engage one in a staring match. Don't feel bad, of all those women I'd propose to you.   
*Random Internet Stranger* 11x14 Assuming he's not in Australia where it's currently 40C or something stupid like that [Pure evil](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dpN6MR0sOI) Full House. Big time.  Why can't you just get him a contrasting color collar, there's no point in dying part of his hair that's fucking retarted I'm sorry.  Alright, where is the tossed salad? License plates can be classified as personal information. They aren't *really*, considering they're pretty damn public, but a lot of people still feel that they are. A good comparison for that is my security guard license. Legally, as long as I'm working, anyone can walk up to me and ask to see it and I have to show it to them, effectively making the entire contents of it public information. Would I want to post an unadulterated picture of it online? Hell no.

Funny license plates, particularly custom ones, are a bit of a different story. Because they're funny, people feel less reservations about posting them; if they're custom license plates, then the logic is that the person wants the plate to be noticed and therefore doesn't care if it's posted online. (This, of course, isn't necessarily true, but that's how people might think.) and you are the girl i would start chatting with. the one who stands out in a crowd I never questioned how people get reddit gold, I questioned why nobody has given catsrule362 gold yet. Your name shouldn't be The_Smartass, it should be *The_Dumbass*. You should also (re)read the novels sitting in this room. Ridiculously good looking Chinese homeless dude Why don't you derelict.....Dammit! that is the worst fucking wedding outfit i've ever seen Those two blondes are so into it that they are tongue showing like Jordan.  Tongue showing is linked to intense concentration and focus.  They want that shit.

I would also like to point out the very interested gentleman in the back right corner. eh 3/10 How the hell do you get that much comment karma in 2.5 years?! Good job, Scherbatsky. http://imgur.com/mWXC7Yn Oh, I.....ok.  All is forgiven.  Just try to keep in mind the consequences your actions as a representative of a business can have on your clients.  There's an extreme amount of responsibility in such a position. Same character, really. On two fingers!

But not on the one that counts.   I'm no expert or anything, but considering the whole hitchhiking thing, yeah, I'm gonna half to call bull on the police work there...

Sorry about your friend, OP, that's lousy. He was trying to stop it from falling off. Compared to oozing patients I think it's probably fine.  let's get a bunch of balloons and fill it with helium! Nobody's listening to you, 283.  Because saying that wasn't at all creepy. I hate to think how much that accident cost! MAAAAAAHHHHHMMM MEATLOAF!!!  maybe he got lucky and met a AB/DL there while he brings up his diaper in conversation at the cocktail table.... or maybe you just get kicked out She's clearly wearing an engagement/wedding ring on her right hand, probably engagement, herself so why would she be giving any fucks about catching the bouquet?  God damn white people. All credit goes to /u/matt01ss  I was ur 420th upvote, blaze it faggot Then kindly tell him to knock it the fuck off next time you see him, awright? Ah mah gahd I'm an ahlcahalac bahbahbahbah mah praharatahs so edgy You know how they say we only use 10 percent of our brains? I think we only use 10 percent of our hearts. Whoa, what a coincidence that [two people who look identical would have identical problems, separated by only four days](http://www.reddit.com/r/fountainpens/comments/2r4e1d/my_vac_700_hates_being_filled/). They don't have to sign anything they were in a public place My grandma is legally blind. When we went to adopt a cat for her we looked at cats that had a lot of white on them so she could see them.  Of course the sweetest and most loving cat we encountered was a very dark tabby.  She's learned to hug the walls to keep my grandma from tripping over her.

Here's Suzie watching over my grandma while she eats: http://i.imgur.com/2wgnFtm.jpg Basically, a bunch of federal police sketch artists in Berlin used features from all known portraits and renderings to construct a photo likeness in the same way they would for a criminal... So couldn't they get a winch and pull that scaffolding out?  Or would the metal break before it was freed? Budweiser. Do you remember what the 80's tastes like? I wish I had that level of honesty and acceptance with myself.  1. B, D, M, J, P, R, S, T, L, N
2. O, U, Y, R, T, L, H, A, E, I
3. L, N, A, C, D, E, O, R, S, T 
4. S, T, L, N, E, D, H, K, Y, R

RIGHT TO LEFT I think she was just trying to get a jump on the line.  What's with the floating infusion bag? Did the machine cancel gravity, too? ...and given away to the kids with cancer in the pediatric unit. *have Love it. Lets make a Wikipedia entry for him. Sh'lot eh bby let me holla cha real quick and take ya to red lobsters  By sharing with reddit that you enjoy a product you give the Jr Retard Detective Squad full entitlement to call you a liar and a shill for spreading viral advertisements. So, enjoy it. Graduate of UNI here. I miss the downtown area. Dee, you Gangly, uncoordinated bitch. This ad is old. When dumb phones were the rage.  I'm not sure if I hate you or not, haha.  [A cat's brain is more similar to a man's brain than that of a dog.](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-04/enhanced/webdr07/4/16/enhanced-16439-1396642687-15.jpg) I was thinking along the same lines. They dressed like regular McDonald's employees when I visited the country.  Tigers don't live on Hawaii, silly... Based on the icon, the bidet is so powerful it blows the girl's hair around like in a hair commercial. 

Also, what **exactly** does the "massage" button do? I was at a wedding there last month. Castle at Maryvale? I'd recognize that totally "stick out like a sore thumb" Mary statue anywhere.  Chris Cornell has an outfit identical to that that he paid $7,000 for. Typical Why can't I ever be rescued by a large middle eastern man with a tremendous red beard? Who the dick says lush is it the 40s?  I like you...no commitment needed  They are trying to get in to the craft beer/coffee crossover market.  Coffee bars that feature a couple beer taps are popping up more and more.

Brewers have been including coffee as an ingredient in beers for a while.  Now, though, some coffee sellers are using affectations from craft beer to differentiate their products.

Both industries are recognizing opportunities to bring in new customers from each other's markets that will allow parallel growth. No How about the part where she admitted there was no Model Release Form?  And that it was simply a Facebook conversation with the bride in which she based the okayedness of the release?

And for that matter, how about the original post, where she referred to the subject as a crazy bitch?

No context allowed? How you doing Photo of the year and it's only 6 days in the new year! How is this generic piece of reddit humor getting more upvotes than real life Peter Griffin  By appearances alone you'd be the first I approached.  Hopefully you had *some* fun. Oh I know, just adding my dash of internet sarcasm.  I've known quite a few married couples who were arranged.   I kicked my sisters dog the other night because I didn't see her in the rug. Poor little fucker was shit scared of me for the next few days. Today! Lol I'm in a dark dark gray Chevy with a red vplow ;) there wave at those. I'll even give you a redditor discount if you ever need a plow. She only spent like a minute on it.. I don't think she cared a great deal.. Cringelords?  That's pretty cringey in itself. Are you single cause of the alcohol problem or an alcoholic cause you're single? I wanna be you when I grow up The irony in it tho is that thats the kind of behavior that makes her a keeper. [**Source page**](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V-2_rocket#Postwar_use)

I'm sorry about the poor resolution. It appears that when scientists decide to take the very first photograph of their planet from outer space, they don't  always pack the best camera. I think your diaper is leaking  Yeah I mean apart from the spy stuff they're pretty much the same person. This reminds me of Regular Show. This is my worst nightmare - except that I'm IN the machine when the trollies and oxygen tanks start flying toward me. Fuking magnes how do they work? Imagine how I feel when I have to edit video and make it interesting and dynamic while bouquet is just sitting on the ground for like 5 looong seconds until someone remembers to sends flower girl to pick it up :)  They stopped plowing any road that wasn't 380 or 1st Ave last night at 9 and didn't start again until 4 AM. I got off work at 11 pm. I'd love to have switched with you and be missing it instead of driving in it. :) op looks like the hottest one. im down to get drunk. How you doin? BOLT doesn't work And an excess of commas Haha I kid, I kid. Good luck, buddy. It's a blast! How bout the sexy broad off to the right in the turquoise dress? I'd drink her bath water, f'sho.  You'd think the construction workers would be warned about this kind of thing... I feel like I'm being set up for a woosh if I said they're one and the same. You've obviously not tried ecstasy.. To be fair you are the prettiest one there. The other gals need any superstitious tradition to nab a man more than you. So yes, in your case, open bar does take presidence.  Was your date your grandpa? Cause that's what one would say.  And she meant the best of the worst comments. Don't you sarcasm bro?
 Who frolics for candles? Could have been worse.  [This happened](http://www.wgal.com/news/tractortrailer-crashes-into-medical-facility/30012702) near where I live.  They had dispatch a rescue truck from the  next down down 81 because all the first responders' tools got sucked into the machine.  When my friend showed up he was tackled to the ground and told to grab the non-ferros tool set. l8trlly this.  Do me! Do me! both sup? Age of exposure. Many of the things you are exposed to are dependent on whether you were alive when they were around. Fame very rarely transcends generations so pointing out that Gene Shallot has value beyond the pop culture relativity of his time indicates a bridge between generations. This is valuable for people seeking out common ground between generations. &gt; etiology

TIL a new word. Thank you  Who throws a bouquet at a funeral? it looks like someone happy slapped that one woman on the chest. This is the very first time I didn't see the first reply beneath yours be, "Goddammit, Vargas."

I feel accomplished somehow. This Link to purchase? Please tell me this wasn't staged at all.   Is this at Queen's? Mindfuck how old was it? indulging yourself in bs is not your priority. you're a keeper Why how u know dat foo That's a spoon.  Funny, you're the only one out of the rest of those bridesmaids I'd ask to have a drink with me. I wish I was sitting beside my brother right now. 

BAM - beaver-panel. *tips fedora* I know it's not everyone's choice of beer. Trust me I drink all different types of beer. Fat Tire is good, Moose Drool, Rasputin, Clown Shoes, Guinness, Ten Fidy, Amber Bock etc. I can go on forever. I just love Newcastle. I don't know why but it's what I prefer to drink. People drink a certain type of soda all the time, I drink Newcastle. It's just part of me you know. But thanks for trying to educate me on beer. I've been drinking for quite a while.  I remember those! Oh no, I'm going to have not as much money as I otherwise would have which is just the end of the world haha! Poor me! Black bridesmaids dresses? This would not fly in my relationship.  'allo. HA! Fucking brilliant! University in Kingston?  Obviously he brought it to open that impossible to open bag of peanuts. You could score 10's of karma over at /r/mildlyinteresting.  I'm not your buddy, pal. Is this in D.C.? I think I went to a wedding there. And its more expensive than the cd player A young Mallory Archer. please be ohio please be ohio..... and Florida.. fuck. Alcoholism?  Sending you a message now yeah people are going to jail daily off sandra dr  I included the left hand bit because it looks like there's a ring on her right ring finger. My first statement was in regards to significant finger, second to traditional hand. 

My thoughts ran together.  My cousin had a wedding and an open bar.  He told me to take advantage of it.  I rarely drink but I became 'that guy.' Holy fuck I was wasted and that was the first time I ever got blackout drunk.

 Wu Tang Clan ain't nuthin to pug wit'. It wasn't clear from the article wether he'll actually profit from the book, movie, or fashion line at all though..  The roads are absolute shit from what I saw, that's terrible. :D It looks like [Mike Teevee](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPi71LSZxT0) grew up and got a job.
 Good by gains. How has this not happened yet crap, that was me at the last wedding......SHAME. Brazil's military expenditures last year were $31.5 billion. America's were $640b. That might have something to do with it, too.

So do you not have a SIPRI source to support what you said before about Saddam's weapons?  I was working late nights in the film room at a hospital in Columbus OH about ten years ago.  The phone rang and it was the MRI lab, which is odd, because I thought they should all be gone.  Turns out it was a guy from housekeeping who wanted to know how to pry a bucket and mop off of the "big doughnut tube-like thing".  

It was bad.  Very, very bad.  Soapy mop water dripping out of the machine, etc.  It was down for almost two weeks. haahhaha what a stupid drawing I may have only worked in dietary, but even I knew not to put anything ferrous near the MRI machine. But seriously that was highly informative, I didn't realize how much goes into the operation of those. The fat one looks hungry for whatever is flying through the air. I like to think it's a cheeseburger. yeap; this resembles one of the rooms in the JDUC Did u see what looks like a glove imprint on the bridesmaid on the rights chest?  it's difficult to tell behind the diaper.  I'll take 4. More like never stopping. I'm fairly educated about what types of beers are out there and I drink all different types. I just prefer this most of the time. What do you like to drink?  That woman's chest muscles looks like a hand.  Shallot hal I like homemade baked goods, messaging you now VIDGO MORGENSTEIN!  http://www.tshirthell.com/funny-shirts/who-needs-drugs-no-seriously-i-have-drugs &lt;&lt; the original Looks like the beginning to a really badass commercial. Where did she admit that? Every wedding photographer has a model release in their contract which allows for all use of photos taken.  There is no nefarious deed that Apple has, or can, commit that some portion of fanboys will not defend or deny. It is a wonder to behold. Risky Title 2 hours and 6000 karma???
Comments getting 1000+ in under an hour?????

Fasten your seatbelts ladies and gentlemen were heading to the top of Reddit!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I use this stuff way too often, I'm that burnt white guy on the beach. Shit, might have to take you up on that!  Why does a laptop need an IV? I'll take "Gives No Fucks for $200, Alex" I think you're cute and funny. Where ya from? Ouch. That's like our communications infrastructure in the USA. I love her. What day does a person just "give up" on caring about themselves? What is different about *that* day vs. the day before? Feel really sorry for people who become so obese. I can't imagine it. It's not a funny thing that I snicker at. I truly feel bad for them.  ALL ANSWERS ARE KID  so strong that he cried for a fucking rat It's Gold Jerry, it's Gold! Come back and visit some time! Stuff is changing quickly. For the better in my opinion! :) Anyone notice that statue of the Virgin Mary sitting right there on the mantle? Oh cool thank you! Learn something new everyday  Dayumn. Its a big magnet so this is not unheard of. I can smell it from here  I had no idea thanks!  I assume that OP already bought it because of that.  It probably won't even burn anyway. It's not supposed to, it's flame retardant. That's like the whole point. It's like a shield of armor. U R PRETTYU! The point is you should treat other people's things with *more* respect than you treat your own. It doesn't matter if they can afford to replace it. And it *certainly* matters if you can't afford to replace it. 

This should be a hard lesson learned for OP's brother. Having kids is no excuse for treating other people, *especially your brother*, without the basic respect they deserve.  Awesome thanks! I had no idea  Never skip leg day...  I want to lie inside your priorities.  Pretty ok as long as my savings last which might run out soon and then we will have a laugh about this. It is all good, I will survive Name checks out. [This is what "peasant chic" looks like apparently](http://ris.fashion.telegraph.co.uk/RichImageService.svc/imagecontent/1/TMG8013725/m/Brother-Sharp-DG_1720314a.jpg) Thank you! It's true, it's all a matter of perspective, really.  I travel a lot, but, I really enjoy coming home to Iowa. Guaranteed you are living in some hodunk loser town having a mnagetrois w your ma n newly born calf How fascinating for you This is another nice pic  

http://dynamichealth.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/natural-acne-treatment-aloe-vera.jpg Dude, please tell me you know what this gif is from. Imagine how happy he will be after it hatches. sooo... which fox are you? Yes! Two separate settings for balls? They think of everything! Is that the Plymouth voyager? We had the Ford Aerostar. ..classics that stood the time  So what you're saying is, I only need to rob ONE MRI machine to make my truck fly?  I hope everyone who says "bae" dies. 4000L liquid expands to 2800000L gas. You'd need a Hindenburg size bag to contain the gas.  And apparently swallowed his beanbag chair.  True, but the fact that the director had asked him more than once to make a movie, it's seems reasonable that he'd get some royalties. Same deal with the book. The fashion line...I have no clue but would venture a guess and say he wouldn't get anything.  Thinking about whether to adopt three cats or five from the shelter tomorrow morning Yes! Everyone seems to think that the Anglo-Saxons and Dutch totally displaced the local Celtic(?) Britons who had been living on the islands for millennia. Fact is the Anglo-Saxons were the ruling class for a while, then the Normans after them. The vast majority of the genetic pool of the whole British isles is intact from the first wave of immigration between 15,000 and 7,000 years ago (who probably were not Celts with Celtic language and culture probably mostly imported). The vast majority of people in the British isles Ireland, Scotland, England, all of it, share a common genetic heritage that has most in common with people living in or around Basque. The British are no more German than Italians or Russians. There are so many myths about European heritage it's crazy.  The real question is why doesn't your dress match
 you hot. how you single? I could have sworn Jack Black made a face just like this. Liz Lemon. That right there is Jack's bottom bitch.  Basically she posted a rather embarrassing photo of a couple of bridesmaids that she took in her and her husband's Wedding Photography business.  Furthermore, she was rather disrespectful in doing so.  Referring to them as crazy bitches.

I was appalled by this, since I've hired Wedding Photographers of my own, and have been to a few Weddings in my time.  So rather than address them by their company name (which was watermarked on the photo), I thought I'd give her some time to rethink the decision, and remove the image, before I did.

She bluffed in response, implying (or insisting) there was a "Model Release Form".

In the follow up, she admitted it was the Bride who signed their standard contract - not the subject of the photo - and that she only thought it was alright because when she posted it on Facebook, she heard they found it funny.

Then she moved the photo and called me a bitch instead.  :) Maybe if I don't watch it... Oh ok. Here in NZ, the left hand side of a channel or passage is marked with a red light... Is that different in the US? University of Northern Iowa is in Cedar Falls so it can get pretty busy when the students are in town, however they are on break now so you get a quiet Main Street! God that looks like shit It's okay to just admit you're wrong, you know? [The first true cats came into existence about 12 million years ago and were the Proailurus.](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-04/enhanced/webdr06/9/14/enhanced-buzz-11719-1397069683-9.jpg) Well hello there Scherbatsky. I'm so terrified right now Imagine how happy he'll be after it hatches. Imagine how happy he'll be after it hatches. Glocks and other pistols that don't have manual safety still have [other safety features](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Safe_action) that prevent them from being fired. Most of them have some kind of [trigger safety](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Safety_\(firearms\)#Integrated_trigger_safeties) where you have like a [smaller trigger](http://www.hipowersandhandguns.com/Glock17Target&amp;Trigger%20004.JPG) that prevents the actual trigger from being pulled, others have [grip safety](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Safety_\(firearms\)#Grip_safety) that prevents the gun from being fired unless you have a strong grip on the gun. Some of them are double action (hammer cocks with the pull of the trigger) and others (like Glocks) have something that resembles a double action mechanism but requires more force than a single action mechanism.

 As a fellow from toronto, that is definitely not a blue jay.  Draw all the time, not just when inspired. Right now I have a fever, did taxes this morning, and now I'm on my 13th hour of painting today. My head hurts and I don't even know if I still have feelings. But that is what practice and dedication is, gotta do this work, no matter what What aisle did she get it in? Better, there is a glass blown loop on top instead of that odd bell jar thing  Yeah I know, but fuck them. I can show them all my Newcastle beer caps that flood my counter top and my beer mugs. I never throw them away. My girlfriend made me throw away two full ziploc bags of them last year. I was gonna make some art piece out of them. I'm just rebuilding. Thanks though.  Lol I haven't heard that here in NZ. Our channels are marked red on the port side, green on the starboard. 10 years ago! I've never seen it. Maybe I should watch it.  I took this a few months ago... Just looks like a dude in a panda suit casually sitting with his legs crossed.
[](http://i.imgur.com/Lu2ZN2G.jpg?1)
 It looks like angry celery why do skiiers (mostly learners) always tuck their pants into their boots? Checks out.  He totally wrecked the ladies panties. Pretty sure that's her hand's shadow. Are... Are you Dracula? I just want to know what the lady in back right, wearing blue was going for. 

Was she a blind lady you guys led off course for less competition? ...Come see the north wind's masonry.
Out of an unseen quarry evermore
Furnished with tile, the fierce artificer
Curves his white bastions with projected roof
Round every windward stake, or tree, or door.
Speeding, the myriad-handed, his wild work
So fanciful, so savage, nought cares he
For number or proportion. ... Ralph Waldo Emerson
http://www.poetryfoundation.org/poem/175142 I literally just unsubbed from there like 30 seconds ago after being subbed for a long time. Its just boring and annoying to have that on my feed tbh. 

 Irn Bru! It tastes like ginger ale had an illicit love child with tutti frutti bubble gum. Best with fish and chips.  They had something very similar to this on Gilligan's Island Reloaded.  The Skipper was like a ninja with one of these things!  Bitch dis a martini!  we love you and we want things to be better Sweet Dee? my first thought as well.  I did not expect it to be my home town in the credits I can ask him where he got it tomorrow. I'll PM you. any marriage offers yet? Another fox in riding boots.  must be from the South. What is wrong with your boyfriend? Weddings are the best! Receptions are basically house parties with free booze where you're dressed to the nines. aaand what was #1? "Op" is the best looking one there..m You're right but I was imaging the garage/driveway as a channel and where I'm from the port side is marked with red lights and buoys. Granted you're the best looking one in the picture. imo [Your mother would be proud.](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr01/2013/4/18/16/anigif_enhanced-buzz-1786-1366317339-16_preview.gif ) What would be considered an "entry level" DSLR? Almost. Then you see pictures like this... http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2r8tmp/a_sliced_loaf_of_stained_glass/ Even the cow's know they're staring at greatness. Well, they did base a [fashion line on him called "peasant chic"](http://ris.fashion.telegraph.co.uk/RichImageService.svc/imagecontent/1/TMG8013725/m/Brother-Sharp-DG_1720314a.jpg) That'll do, Scallion. That'll do. I bet he's great at soccer. It used to make me want to throw up.  what, the actual fuck, if those quotes are real then this woman  is like a living caricature. never, ever let this bitch near a dalmatian. 

also, i thought it was weird that there article felt it needed to point out she was a lesbian, but that is neither here nor there. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^.  
Here's the media found in this post.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^.  
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^.  


|Link|User|
|:-|:-|
|**[OMG, its Liz!](http://youtu.be/dknqFLEFAW8?t=1m24s])**|*[300lbNerd](/r/pics/comments/2rkt7c/_/cngvo4e)*|
|**[Mike Teevee](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPi71LSZxT0)**|*[experts\_never\_lie](/r/pics/comments/2rkt7c/_/cngxel4)*|
|**[QUE X-FILES THEME SONG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQoRXhS7vlU)**|*[herp\_\_\_](/r/pics/comments/2rkt7c/_/cngvh6n)*|
|**[Found](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)**|*[Jabronie88](/r/pics/comments/2rkt7c/_/cngvxj1)*|
|**[To get Riggity Riggity Wrecked Son!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sS_cAAAhgPM&amp;t=4s)**|*[marshall19](/r/pics/comments/2rkt7c/_/cngwsve)*|
|**[Hello M'lady](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8teRxOSNHs)**|*[theoretical-narrator](/r/pics/comments/2rkt7c/_/cngw0bo)*|
|^^_______________________________________________________________________________________________|^^______________________________|
*^Downvote ^if ^unwanted, ^self-deletes ^if ^score ^is ^0.  ^Comment ^will ^update ^if ^new ^media ^is ^found.*  
[^about ^this ^bot](/1vjdw9) ^| [^recent ^playlists](/r/radditplaylists) ^| [^plugins ^that ^interfere](/1m21ku) ^| [^request ^blacklist](/message/compose/?to=radd_it&amp;subject=Please blacklist&amp;message=Please add me to the /u/PlaylisterBot blacklist. You can find a pic of my favorite %kpop star20at: ) ^| ^R.I.P. ^/u/VideoLinkBot You can't expect fellow drunks to be able to read it otherwise... Bushfires are sneaky bastards.  They'll get your family and your family's family. "Man with Progeria gives birth to giant onion....more at 7" Now I know Sauron's username. Yay! More like Winchestertonfieldville poor Patrice, she never did anything wrong :I Messed around and got a triple double. 

FTFY Looks like a bitch. If you don't want it or aren't going to try and catch it, why even stand there? Obviously there for a reddit pic. Baby Ruth! Thanks for the update I think the point is that the dude posts a frustrating moment and everyone thinks they need to provide their advice and let op know he isn't handling hid own familial relationship correctly. He wasn't looking for advice, and it seems like he was in the process of resolving the issue in a responsible adult fashion. I'm a little confused, do channels/passages in the US get marked with green on the port side? It's red/port and green/starboard where I'm from. Are those tuxedo pants you're wearing? Thank you.
 Well if OP ever wants to sell Does that have a telescoping handle? It might be a back scratcher. We have something just like it, specifically for scratching your own back.  &gt; If the estimated repair cost is 1.3 million,

hospital bills are overinflated anyway.... if they charge [$3 for one tab of ibuprofen](http://s82.photobucket.com/user/mizunosport/media/Untitled-1.jpg.html) then probably just not replacing magnet, maybe it is just calibration of the mri, cost of liquid helium, room and board, and other expenses they manage to sneak into the bill. not sure if /r/perfectloop or /r/shittytumblrgifs  He looks like Charlie Brown.  that guy has the worst luck. Looks like Robin from HIMYM fuck the police &gt; Ive worn a diaper to a wedding.

There are people who don't? It's cute, but does its head seem abnormally large to anyone else? No it is not, it's a Joey, a baby Kangaroo. Looks like you're drinking a Cosmopolitan; women do love their vodka. I hope everything turns out well for her. Three days to get pampered and get lots of ice cream, and love from the nurses, is what every brave young lady deserves. Best wishes! So how many people have been hitting on you today? You turn me on in that picture. Drinks? M'ama se m'am'asa m'am'a coo sa Honestly you're doing the right thing. Marriage is kind of an outdated thing. Nowadays it's more detrimental than anything. Iowa City reporting  I had two rats when I was 6-8 or so. Best pets I have had, and even to this day I miss my dudes Coffee and Cream. 

Your boy has a good soul, his compassion for animals is obvious, and I know this rat had a great life with him. This post is getting me directly in my heartstrings, so thank you for reminding me of such good memories.  Ooooo wow that's pretty neat. It looks like an old fashion photograph! helium is expensive in germany. I must admit. She is a pretty lady.  Pretty much spot on there mate  &gt; or pick one up.

If you try to pick up any animal, it will be more likely to attack you, imagine if you were investigating a large giant animal that moved into your town, you had no idea what it was, and it tried to pick you up high into the air...

 Well you went through the trouble to comment  I can't believe I had to scroll this far down for the desperate comments. Reddit is evolving. I think you are right girl I want one! Is that Wil Wheaton in the back on the right? 1. The blonde on the front left looks like she is about to bite her tongue off.

2. You have no reason to be anxious over some tossed flowers, you are the hottest one there. Kangaroos are also absolutely delicious! 

Incredibly lean meat, what a treat! I think "negilgence" is how it happened.  Even if it's "locked down" you don't want metal tanks anywhere near a fucking MRI.  As OP's picture shows, the strength of those magnets isn't something to be negligent around.

There's a reason there are non-magnetic oxygen tanks, iron/steel-free gurneys, etc, etc that are used in an MRI environment.  Horribleness can happen *literally* at the flick of a switch. Make this happen! all the thirsty guys at the wedding are probably staring at you the way the other women are staring at the bouquet. This made my day.
Thank you. ITT: desperation and low standards. Who is the girl to the right . . . Thick and hot ! Haha you'd rather drink your drink than participate in the festivities! You're so cynical and cool! PRIORITIES AMIRITE? This one's a keeper! Isn't it when you take a picture everything is flipped? So her left hand looks like her right in a photo? Seriously asking, thought I heard that at some point in my life. That's Teh-ah-tim-eh to you. People just said he was creepy earlier (nothing really creepy about it, just being friendly to a stranger), so I'm sure that partially set him off.  You even have about 6 seconds before things get weird looking (but more beautiful sounding).   [SJWs' assemble!](http://i.imgur.com/7pBoNFB.jpg) That looks like a castle in Connecticut.  open bar? you remind me of Rachael Nichols
http://www.imdb.com/media/rm1927990272/nm0629697?ref_=nm_phs_md_1 He might be homeless, but I know of everyone wishes they had hair as cool as him  You'd need a Hindenburg size ballon, that's why. There a 700x expansion factor involved here.  Thank god my AP class isn't like that. I never have homework. Only thing I do for that class is study for 30 minutes to an hour the night before a test. Honestly, Psychology is the only AP class I take, and its the easiest of all my classes. A solid blood alcohol content will probably get you married quicker than a bouquet anyway. Wedding crasher. Oh! I have a question. I stripped an mri room of its copper and scrapped it for ton of fucking money. Anyway, why are mri rooms surrounded by copper? Morbo congratulates you. May death come quickly to your enemies! You're pretty :-) Spoiler: It landed in her drink, causing her drink to magically get all over her dress. When she goes to get it dry cleaned and maybe do something about it she starts chatting up the dry cleaning guy and now they have been together for 7 years with 3 children. lol colonel  sanders in the back I actually saw one of them in 1991 at the Charlotte Autofair. The door had been stolen before tge car was finished. In the rush to get another door gold plated a different vendor was used, the door did not match. You've got that reversed. The event occurred 6,000 years ago and should be visible in 1,000 years. What are those things in the air near her glass.. bees? Bzzzzzzz... then why respond? I'll just throw my comment in here. Succumbing to the title as a lonely man lol.  Does she know? I fucking dig the shit out of this. Are you sure he wasn't just refilling his fountain pen? Is that Sweet Dee front and center? ...in maintaining your hotness?? I was worried ...my god Derelict. Yea i editted it in after considering that i should have it so people dont get confused by my reference That's why I stick with nukes. MRI is fucking terrifying man.  I move for a bad court thingy. [Komrade Labradorski](http://i.imgur.com/gOGXM1L.jpg) is offended you would make such claim. Komdrade Labradorski care only for good of Soviet Brothers and Sisters. Balls. You weren't kidding.  ??? Try BUST? Looks like Robin from how I met your mother, sems about right Can't be friendly without being creepy apparently. If it was a dude nobody would've said it was creepy. Fuck the haters.  Or maybe that's just what she told me to keep my grubby hands off of the shiny golden heirlooms. ;-) OP looks a bit like Olivia Wilde Wedding crasher. Can't tell if this is a funeral or a wedding... Last time I checked getting your limbs ripped off wasn't playing. http://vimeo.com/15234808 Aluminum is paramagnetic which means that you can induce a magnetic field to it and it will interact with other magnetic fields. wow everybody in this pic is white. A bear and the maiden fair Jpeg'd the shit outta that gif Bet he walks better now. Lol u mad brah?   I immediately thought the same thing.  And I thought my pic was good  That one wants that shit, like it was cake!
I bet she was boxing out and throwing elbows. 

 By choice I see hehe The snake looks demonic.. And strangly happy You. I like you. "Human Flesh Search Engine" The fuck? TIL I could be your manager BAHAHAHAHAHA THIS IS GOLD AND FRIGGIN HILARIOUS BAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA LMAO ROFL Where in the Southeast? I'm just a tad curious as I live in Southeast Iowa as well. Was that taken in the Wren building at The College of William &amp; Mary? oh my freaking word i need that mug...........  :D Revisionism is the better reason.   Hawaiians traded with Europeans starting in the late 1700s.  [Kamehameha the Great used cannon and firearms in his war of unification.](http://imgur.com/VbnTUf1)

 Unless she's into that sort of thing. Do they usually throw the wreaths at funerals? Yes, yes you did. That fireplace is really fancy. If I were rich, I would buy a fireplace like that. mums spaghetti Hold my Magnets, I'm going in Yeah, it's pretty set up, so it's like 1/100th as funny [Seems like this is only a temporary thing around the holidays and new year](http://mitsueki.com/tag/a-mcdonalds-maid-cafe-in-taiwan-with-beautiful-maidservant/) I don't get it. Hmmm... when I cross that bridge I'm going to have approximately 30 animals waiting for me. That's going to be a fiasco. but but chariles play [The Human Search Engine](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/subcultures/human-flesh-search-engine) turned out to be quite the interesting read.  as well as the mother from Two and Half Men beach looks like a butt TIL that there is a thing called extreme pogo sticking Clasic Scherbatsky. In being the best looking person in the room?

If only they were tossing an anti-douche bouquet. Then you'd have some real help. I think I'm in love http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-6GA4pWAlsHg/U2LQ7vc7nJI/AAAAAAAADQc/cUEv1i0ZzCI/s1600/50084158871644679110.png [Attach!](http://i.imgur.com/qNUVCOw.png) You should visit an orphanage, its full of innocent people that nobody loves. They deserve it more than us assholes.  Usually I've found that the bigger the onion the less of the stinging when cutting it up.  looks like baby primate have a bigger proportion of head. the same also applies to human too This is honestly one of my favorite pictures on the Internet. Everywhere I look there is something hilarious going on. I'm unable to stop laughing and this is like the 12th time I've seen this picture.  1) I'm just pointing out your username 
2) lol where do you live where there isn't a problem with poverty, sexism, and social inequality?  Sadly, I did not. She wasn't very friendly and only reluctantly let me take the picture.   Doubt it.  *7 second fart noise* Robin Scherbatsky is real. Also from the subreddit homeless or hipster.  Hindenburg, Pearl Harbor, Oswald Assassination, Beatles at JFK Airport, Apollo 11, Fall of Berlin Wall, your wedding night... etc... [m'artini](http://i.imgur.com/6eGZiM4.jpg) I think I saw this outfit in the AE Catalog. I enjoyed these pics.  It sounds like a cool experience and a great accomplishment. Can you please tell us the approximate number of days as well as the approximate cost?  Did you take a leave of absence?  Please tell us more about the planning, packing and execution. i should've just let it happen naturally. sorry. Jables is that you? ironically the hottest one, too. Yes it does! Damn that makes a lot more sense  /r/notinteresting  It's easy to not give a shit when you're the most gorgeous woman in the room. ayy lao Put this way considering the movement of the US from the 9/11 attacks, War on Terrorism, invasion of Iraq and Afghanistan, Patriot Act, rise of Homeland security, TSA etc. I can't imagine any candidate for president in 2008 would not be incorporating some of the past administrations directives. **Saying that President Obama is Bush Lite**, I agree with you. But I can't imagine any one being elected as President in 2008 to start with fresh slate and start from scratch, considering how much momentum there is from the President Bush administration bleeding into the next one.  



 Quill and ink pot too mainstream? kind of like /r/shittyadvice *gasp* LITERALLY this  I'm in the same spot with my 15 year old kitty, he had to have a feeding tube for a bit so every six hours I gave him a mush meal. He's eating better now but what he really wants is Cheetos and tortilla chips. Mama gives him whatever he wants.  My kind of lady. Took to long too find lover of booze like my self. Now its "fuck it. I'm gay" Maybe? I work in nuclear medicine and I could swear I could feel things my first few months of training. Turns out it was just my brain being hyper-neurotic. 

Kinda like those people that swear they can feel wifi until they are tested and find out it was all in their head.  
Good call, trying to catch things causes women's faces to take on the most unseemly expressions.
 Confirmed. OP is a doormat. Did you check with a gorilla? Fuck that. I'm game, now... I would take full advantage of the open bar and you. Independence checking in! Up vote for a neighbor! Her name is Jo! She had 40 orphan Roos in her house and most of them survived but had to be put down a day later due to burns and smoke inhalation and stress:( only a few surivived. She told me how she didn't care about her house she only cared about her fur babies. If you read the other comments: it does. It wasn't used. Hot.  And a short nose with a long way from the end of her nose to her upper lip. T-Rex Foxx? (tiny front legs) Needs brazzers stamp If you consider being a brand that is appealing to people who are uninterested in actually paying attention to driving an "acceleration issue", then yes, yes they are. People who say "tips fedora" in a mocking way are just as bad, if not more annoying, than the guys who actually tip their fedora. I can't remember the last time I went on reddit and didn't see someone say that "joke", surely your better than that /u/GullibleMuffin   Circlejerk is leaking 90-95 might not have been cool for you, but that was the peak of grunge, and lots of stuff was awesome back then.  No police department in the US uses revolvers, or has for a long time now. He obviously doesn't know guns...
 Do you normally go to the weddings of random strangers? Our communications infrastructure is okay, not great but not bad, but still the whole money shit still happens.

I'm in a small town that has only 2,500 residential homes, my neighbouring towns have 25,000, 25,000 and 100,000 and all 3 have fibre to the cabinet and the city has fibre to the house and they've had it for 5+ years, my town still doesn't have FTTC :( Nah I have that exact fork. It's supposed to be a joke prop. You pull it out at dinner and say "mm that looks good, mind if I try a little?" And before they answer extend it and take some off their plate How dare you. The Flatirons have much better definition than any visual effect.  What sexism? why are so many women so damn desperate to catch those flowers?  is it the only way they know to provide some sense of meaning to their life "no matter how pathetic"? Or a [guy who just got released from imprisonment in a motel.](http://wallpaper4me.com/images/wallpapers/oldboyhammer-362823.jpeg) seems to me that we have a very compatible set of values. May I take you out for a ...uhhh ...drink? God what a terrible ending to that movie. And middle. Really all of it. M'tini How do you make these? Would love a guide or a general word to search for. Hot girl gives no fucks because she has 15 men a day trying to get in her panties. We get it already. Not seeing it. Why did I think I'd be the only person to make this connection? Sorry dude who posted earlier and got the karma. How? If you're married and enjoying the open bar at the reception, you only need to double fist your drinks, try to dance with the 19 year old girls, and get thrown out on your ass to maintain your honor and respectability.

***[WOOOHOOOO!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToA10mNrmuI)*** that's a hideous rug. You're hot Better than a super religious wedding. No fucking booze for anyone, and all the women are crazy *and* obese. Fish are friends, not food. Hiro Hamada? Uh.... No.


If you take a pic of yourself it is flipped from what you see in the mirror,  but that's about it. 

If she's drinking with her left hand in the pic, she was drinking with her left hand when it was taken.  I found the software for adjusting the Super Conducting Magnet's fascinating.

Millions of permutations.

Looks like something from a Sci-Fi movie. God created the stars  I guess someone didn't get lucky that night. I feel like drunk comments take less effort though. *i want to believe...* Forgive my abject ignorance, but as a 29 year old male with zero design sense looking to buy a house within the next couple of years, you have piqued my curiosity.  Does a residential designer's fee actually include the cost of the furnishings, or is the fee paid to you on the assumption that the client then goes out and buys all of the furniture? Nowadays it pretty much is https://osha.europa.eu/en

Also, arbetsmiljverket is the OSHA of Sweden. Get a fucking life. It looks like someone was absolutely determined to make a version of the bat'leth that is actually practical. I was wondering this exact thing. Do you have a source or are you the source just from your observations from browsing? In Russia, tail chase dog. Girl btw;)) Not necessarily disagreeing with you *but*, I feel like "just letting it go" is not a responsible fashion. The brother's family owes OP an apology **at the very least.** Secondly, I'm assuming here but have plenty of interactions with people similar to this, if they (brother's family) felt like they could be so disrespectful towards OP and his possessions, I can *almost guarantee* they will do something similar again. Stuff like this breeds resentment and animosity -- feelings that have no place in a familial relationship. 

OP doesn't need to be bitter about it or go full-revenge on his brother but *he does* need to say something to his brother's family, he does need to stick up for himself, and his brother's family *needs* to take responsibility for it (be that just an apology or replacing the tv somehow). Actions have consequences, shitty actions have shitty consequences -- family or not.  I believe her actual nose ends where the top set of lips are. At first I thought that white thing over your left shoulder was some sort of flying condom.  Are you suppose to wear black to a wedding? To which I've assumed this is, and I'd have to agree with her, I got shoved onto the floor at the last wedding I attended. I don't even know anybody.  DAE LE GOLD
 Where are you getting that?  It's patently false.
Most liberals make way more then most conservatives.  I'm certain I live Better than you do. Where's this now? ;)  Bill Bryson has a funny little part in one of his books about how British people get such enjoyment out of such little things, like a square of toffee or a slightly sunny day. The pillars of creation are not where humanity was created. Additionally, it's probably already been destroyed by a supernova but the light hasn't reached us yet. Also, take your antitheist bullshit elsewhere. Theists can't shove their dicks down everyone's throat, but neither can atheists. &gt;'I feel so proud. I will take it home, look after it, and put it down to seed. It was far too valuable to eat.


From the [Daily Mail article](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2038439/Pensioner-Peter-Glazebrook-grows-worlds-biggest-onion.html) linked further up the thread. I actually like the OP's title, sounds like a stylish shorthand.

Get Steve, how's it going? Sweet teesh'! Preach.  You know. I wish I could explain the phenomenon there. Maybe it's because I'm experiencing it as opposed to looking back at history I wasn't present for. But it seems like say, 60s to the 70s had such clearly defined periods and influences and styles. But now 2000 to 2015 it seems to have hit a plateau. Yeah things change, technology advances and whatnot, but I could probably fish out what I wore in 2002 and it would be no more out of style than anything else. Again there's outliers and certain silly fads, but all in all we have hit cruising altitude. 

So when you look back and are blown away that wedding crashers is 10 years old, it's because well not much has changed in 10 years. Or 15 years. It looks the same. It feels the same. Maybe it's just me though.  Does not look like a Blue Jay... YOu should tell the bartender to go easier on the cranberry in your cosmo? Sounds like the kind of sub that sounds funnier than it is in practice goddamnit vargas tips fedora They also make deodorant for their food so their poop won't smell. What you smell in a ferret owner's house is the cage. Use quality bedding and litter, clean daily, bathe them only once a month, no smell. So I thought I was on /r/cringepics or /r/trashy because of the title, so I just thought she had no idea she was pregnant even though she clearly knew from the size of her frame and belly He has a better relationship with that onion than I ever did with my dad. Fuck. Scots abroad are going to go nuts trying to get their paws on one of those. Photoshoppers get over to /r/photoshopbattles please He's just introverted. Nothing wrong with that. This belongs in /r/TrollXChromosomes That was better than Madagascar. I think my wife and I enjoyed it more than the kids did, though. This is so adorable.  I love it! Ouch I need a bandaid! I'm calling Grey Towers Castle's Great Hall at Arcadia University. I hope you posted this on My Friends Are Married. Are... Are you missing a foot? Or am I just having a moment?  I can't unsee that.  http://i.imgur.com/0HOf06m.jpg &gt; At this point, we are treating this as a suspicious death, Canen said.


 I have a number of older folks in my neighborhood.  I always snow blow their driveways for them.  The always make cookies for me.  Fair trade. You don't seem to know your history. The holodomir was the *intentional* terror famine murder of the Ukranian people. It wasn't an accident and was designed to kill as many as possible. It's precisely analogous to the Holocaust. It was genocide.   Oh I have no idea. Obviously I can't see what's going on inside my bones. All I know is I definitely felt it.  I was thinking Liz Lemon Only the single ladies line up to catch that toss.  I would snort so much drugs off of this. I believe you forgot to rank the starry-eyed man second from the left. (Pssst...ever been to /r/TrollXChromosomes ? Just asking...you might like it.) Only the green part, not the meat of the plant. "Homeless hipster paratrooper" is the vibe I'm getting. ....... What is it? Whatttt, no desks on those chairs? If it's a family wedding then not so much... *cums*  It's so pretty.  "Well done, onion." The ODFW officer we talked to on the phone seemed to think she was a Merganser.  Not homeless, just a hipster. If it's an 8 foot fall, the final downward speed would have been in the neighborhood of 15mph.  Airbags generally deploy during a perfect front-on collision over 14mph, so it was probably right in the neighborhood of a speed you would expect to cause an airbag deployment, but not necessarily over it. I look at those mountains everyday.  Great picture man.  Well it seems she's deleted all her comments at this point.  It was the one right before the response of mine you first replied to.  I don't see *how* you could have missed it.  It's kind of the whole reason she removed it.  I've since received a PM from her thanking me, and apologizing for initially acting defensive.  She admits she "definitely  should not have posted it", and was appreciative that I talked her into removing it before it gained too much traction. Those bitches are not even hot. FUCK! Anybody know what these ladies would be looking at? I've always wondered why you can't do that in a relationship. Just go crazy. But I realized you can. I did. now I'm not in one anymore Hey, don't ruin my nerdgasm. How much wood would I need to keep both of these beavers well-fed all weekend long? Haha I forgot about that one, DERELICTE

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVscQYjuq_s I could see you photoshopped into Game of Thrones with Cersei. You two look like good drinking buddies. That's probably at 1atm. You could have serial graduated pressurized chambers (I think... I am but a wee biochemist... not an engineer). I love you Oh, sure. It's nice and all, but where do you plug in your laptop? Still looks better than the runway model.  It got posted on /r/photoshopbattles ! check back later to see what people did :D

http://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/2rl7bv/psbattle_woman_who_has_a_totally_different/ Lvl. 99 Asian Hipster Was the keg ok?  And it appears to be awesome. [Ooph.](http://reactiongif.org/wp-content/uploads/GIF/2014/08/GIF-Austin-Powers-come-here-cry-crying-Dr.-Evil-hug-hug-it-out-sad-GIF.gif) I think it's big toe sticks out to me as being large. I literally just unsubbed from there like 30 seconds ago after being subbed for a long time. Its just boring and annoying to have that on my feed tbh. She doesn't need to catch that bouquet she's the biggest catch there. Your rug is ugly as fuck, homie. Cool table, though. yet again i thought i beat the internet to a joke...  *shame intensifies* Groot That's a very Christan family guy thing to do Thanks. Hopefully I shouldn't have to get any more MRI's, but I feel a little better. I really wished they had something, like, on paper there at the clinic that I could read about it.  Exactly my thought Omg.... For real?? I'd punch the fool! As another perpetually single lady, I've been dragged up to the toss by the bride's mother a few times, but being singled out like that??? I have two words for that... [Huh uh!](https://mcrlaura.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/nuh_uh_conan_obrien.gif) Clam. Hobo, or Hipster? It's doxxing actually, just named differently in Chinese. That's the direct translation so it sounds rather weird. He has good skin The D is comin back like pac  What happened to the 60's? That was my first vehicle! I added a power converter  hooked up a small TV with a PS1, took out the middle seat, and proceeded to dominate the hot box market at my local high school.  How were these created? It looks like the earth literally fissured along a line then just slipped away.  if anyone is wondering, it tastes like absolute crap What kinda events do you have in mind?  Only if wood and bone were interesting enough to appear on the x-ray machine.  You can carry all sorts of weapons into a plane they have a snowball's chance in hell of noticing. I didn't get choked up by the description, but I made the huge mistake of really looking at the photo and seeing the tears. Now my cheeks are full of them. RIP Rizzo.  I think it would be awesome to use removable wall stickies to trace the paths used in the books. A different color for each book to give it a little more flair. Pretty girls don't need to catch bouquets  Right? L2p life noob You're tearing me apart! You sound either bored, single, or both. Someone should Photoshop Magneto stuck to an MRI machine quick! I did this last year and it was awesome. 

And I ended up dating a girl who was also flying solo to said wedding. Score "People knowing it happened" isn't justice in the slightest. I wanna hear that someone at least threw a baseball through her window once. Lick the balls, stroke the shaft, contemplate existence. Nooo, no it's good!  You look fuckin' scaaary! I was too!! I lived there until I was 8!! I don't believe I've met anyone from there since I moved away! Stop projecting bro. You're still questioning why he wasn't given gold at the moment. And I still explained it. Call me whatever you want, but you shouldn't get mad when someone explains something Or, sorry. Did I get it wrong? Should I have said Junior High School instead?  Thanks!  I love you all. If i met you.
I would date you.

I dont drink, i like drink people. They are funny and entertaining.

And they have great ideas.

Best part for the person drinking? I dont drink. I can drive you wherever.

I would also take care of you afterwards.

Source: my friend is a guy and we went to party. He got drunk. We had fun. He got sick. I took care of him all night long while eating my midnight dinner.

But girls are more fun. With a guy its bro fun. With a girl its fun fun as in it dint matter if you give/get hugs or too touchey feely. Oh it will happen. This will be a thing for weeks at least. Are you ready to be a reddit celeb /u/quadyqua ? Nope Ewwww it's on HIGH :/ Sure it wasn't, "fuck it, I'll have better luck finding someone than any of these women when I'm drunk" droppin facts! Same actor, really. Being in a relationship has never stopped me from getting drunk and making an ass of myself in front of random strangers. It was like magic balm for any boo boo, they stopped hurting immediately. Whether or not it actually helped or it was a placebo affect, I'll never know. But frankly, I don't care. So rad!!!  ThIs is exactly what happened to our music equipment at school. Oh were getting new one? Let's smother the old drum kit with chocolate. Looking cool to strangers on the internet? If you want to argue, go to the subs meant for that.  Don't just randomly try to 'call out' people looking at cat pics. He used to drive a small truck before so I'm not rally sure if he likes that car  Nice hair I'd hit it. This will never be more appropriate. Good old NC, #1 in worst education.  ### VOMIT [It may take as long as 2 weeks for a kitten to be able to hear well.  Their eyes usually open between 7 and 10 days, but sometimes it happens in as little as 2 days.](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-04/enhanced/webdr07/9/14/enhanced-18799-1397069418-11.jpg) There is no way that is Serissa, its some sort of [flowering pear.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrus_calleryana)  for real. bros, embrace the rainbow Either you look like Tina Fey, or I've been watching too much 30 Rock lately, because that looks like a thing Liz would do. Develo.... Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs. Drugs Drugs  Drugs Drugs. Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs. Drugs Drugs Drugs Drugs. OP looks like Robin Scherbatsky from: "How I Met Your Mother" "Stay single and your pockets will jingle."

~ my grandfather /u/BecauseOPForgot is pretty popular on that sub it seems does timdodd have any relation to shan dodd?  Thanks, friend. A single lonely man above the line. already done

http://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/2rl7bv/psbattle_woman_who_has_a_totally_different/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qZwwyHvCbo Hold my junk, I'm going in! The sad irony is that out of all those woman you'll probably be the first to find a true soulmate Hmm, just scanned through the first page curious about your comment.

4 were drunk, 16 were kids, and 2 were both.   You have to be single to do that?...  I am married with a kid and I do about the same, minus hit on other women.  Looks how everyone looks when they wear that stuff.  Nothing special.  And the light in the bank actually makes it unpleasant.  So no.  I don't agree. GODDAAAAAAAM GIRL YOU FINE AS FUCK! WHOOOOOOOOO m'hotness This is my new favorite reaction gif ... and I know exactly who I want to hang out with. m'gorgeous upvoted for visibility I was expecting the rageface of neil tyson Don't hold back, tell us how you *really* feel Where do you get your eggs  Costanza is that you?? Clearly your priority was to not drop that drink. Well done, job done! [This is what I've read about him](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/handsome-chinese-vagrant-draws-fans-of-homeless-chic-1915812.html)

Turning him into fashion icon - hat is the way thousands of people react to the sight of genuine human plight - "homeless chic" ... It is sad and disgusting simultaneously I'm sure when you have 1.2 billion of something a few hundred are going to be amazing. Can anyone tell me what the magnet is for + how this machine works? does the strong magnet help detect electrical activity in the brain Wow, this looks amazing! _________________________________________________________Ha! For my own personal entertainment, I choose to believe you caught it with one hand while turning around and walking out with your drink. I can't argue with that.  Read the article though. All of that didn't happen. Only the firing pin safety failed. The inertial impact fired the round. The thumb and grip safeties were never disengaged, hammer never dropped, and trigger was never pulled. The gun was recovered still cocked and locked. 

A titanium firing pin and extra power firing pin spring could likely have prevented this. Also, not being a dumbass. That would have worked, too.  I....wha.......

Is there cartoon flies around her glass too? Thanks, now corrected! I didn't think I would learn something new reading this thread, I guess I was wrong... Thanks! Also i find the Modified competition ranking ("1334" ranking) annoying i don't know why. http://www.kelcran.com/Graphics/buchtar.gif

My mom told me when I was young that I had the right to wear that tartan.

I don't. You should get hyper competitive for it. I'm talking tombstone a bitcj if she tries to take it from you. Worse case scenario no one asks you to participate in the bouquet throw How do you passively agressively flirt? As a recently single guy who just turned 28. You give me hope! Wow, if it cost $1.3 million to repair the scaffold, just imagine how expensive the repairs for the MRI will be! Hawaii here.  That koa wood they in the weapons is really, really dense.  It's hard to get a sense of how solid it is. Way tougher than a baseball bat or even very hard plastic.  

If you get hit with just the wood, you'd swear it was a metal pipe. Nah dude, it just means whoever is in charge of maintenance is doing a shit job.

I worked for two and a half years in a 7 floor parking garage as the only maintenance worker. I did everything from repainting to pressure washing and even dusting. My garage wasn't this dirty and it was an older building. Hahah!  We were created out of a supernova. Maybe not THAT supernova. Details. Wild Grimer? That's the shadow from her left hand Is this really a thing? Haha i mean, I know everyone comments and jokes about hot girls getting inbox flooded with DPs after they make a legitimate post... But i wonder, does it really happen that way? I know we're all a bit pervy on reddit, but that seems a stretch....        


Ps, first hot girl to answer gets a DP in  their inbox  But that ruins all my hard work. keeper can confirm, used to be a sysadmin for an MRI research lab.

&gt;This is why MRI machines are often on upper floors of hospitals

we were in a basement. :( Maybe the little girl is a bitch... Yeah right. You wish so badly that a guy would put a ru g on your finger. Nice staged photo tho.  hubby looks like he's cropdustin' all over that dancefloor That's who I thought it was at first. Then it just got sadder.  This image was created as a demo scene for several objects modeled with Rhino (glasses, pitcher, ashtray) and released into the public domain by Gilles Tran.

The story and original POV-Ray source are here:
[3D Model Link](http://www.oyonale.com/modeles.php?page=40)

As a burn-in test for a new server machine, I modded the source file so I could make a 16:9 4K version of the picture.  The changes I made to the main POV file are here:
[Gist of source mods for 4K render](https://gist.github.com/kbrafford/d6781a2c2142b7ec339c)

And I am putting the finished product up on imgur because it's a shame to waste the results of such a nice render. Just lemme know I don't think I'm related to a Shan. Not that I know of! I wouldn't count on it. John Lithgow really likes his onions. And yes I WAS the next to get engaged.. 4 months later. Ladies it works, guys be careful  You should get that put onto a shirt. And make her one for when she gets older Howdy friend! Thanks for saying hi! except for driving. oh I forgot rich people put up the guests Not a good idea.  Last wedding I went to I woke up in the basement of the reception hall at 1:00am. 

Reception had an open bar, with liquor.  I was double fisting jacks n cokes.  Then my "date" (read as girl I got fucked up with a lot) gave me some Vicodin.  She didn't believe me I passed out in the basement.  She was super pissed.  Another problem was I drove and my keys were given to the valet.  Since it was 1:00am the Valet was gone.  So I walked to the closest bar.  They had my keys.  

I do remember why I was in the basement.  Nice reception hall right, but the bathrooms were in the basement.  When I was super wasted I saw a light and followed it.  In this basement in the very far hallway I followed this light.  I open the door to find a squatters room.  Beer cans, eviction notice, and terrible red shag carpet.  The place used to be an old bank.  How someone would go into this place and live confused the shit out of me.  Even when I showed my date the eviction notice she didn't believe me.

 Droplets of liquid This is horrifying to me for some reason Those pants should not have been in storage How does this even happen...? nice profile quadyqua. looks like your priorities lie in LYING LOL yes, i forgot how territorial some of you children are about your subreddits.  ^ This is totally me. All the bitches at the wedding are like "Oooo I need to catch that bouquet!" And I'm all "This free wine is good." Throwing back cocktails like a champ  Seriously is this not Robin? He's been Derralicked How do you know she's flying solo?  I'm sure she has a +1. However, he wouldn't be in this pic.  Monroe needs more sleep. Those bags under her eyes are outrageous.  http://youtu.be/pyNTYdZw100 ==-- /r/drunk is calling your name.  Lifefrom a supernova. Yeahhh Here we go...the 400 pounders who are going to drool over this lady. Fuck off and die fattie. Thanks for the update Notice how "ooh" was a different colour.

"Here comes the pOOH!" Wow. You're a genius  That's why I pointed out this took place in 1999. Is your friend Sweet Dee? This is great! Davenport checking in That is...really cool STFU. If she met you should slap you r fat face and tell you to fuck off. She's not here to date. She just posted a damn picture. haha it is very different just a few miles away. thank you so much for introducing me, this subreddit is golden! **neverchecksusernames**

* Creative, original. A conversation starter of sorts.

* Ironic. It implies a disinterest in usernames even though the owner clearly takes an interest in them. Otherwise the owner wouldn't have put so much effort in living up to the username.

* Difficult to read due to a lack of capital letters and underscores

Final Grade: B+ karma? The second picture is both hot and racist, my boner is so confused. Uh, really? Not really because idk which one you are Maybe that's actually OP. Did anyone actually consider that? Maybe OP is just a loving relative who wants everyone to have a good time and not a raging alcoholic and *that'* where their priorities lie I did not know this either.  That film was so fucking beautiful. (*It's Such a Beautiful Day*, for anyone wondering, specifically part one, (*Everything Will Be Okay*)[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Everything_Will_Be_OK].) it needs the running little girl in it too This seems exaggerated. Are you exaggerating? My girlfriend went to Iowa! I miss Iowa City. What a fun place. It's easily the biggest little city. Has traffic and events like a metropolis all in the foot print of a town.  they say the worst part of any fandom is the fans.  Make that a double! /r/upliftingnews People are squishy. u can't just turn off the magnet? "Its me for sure" - Chunky McChunks http://fchan.us/src/ah_1350894288682.jpg It's name is Robert Paulson. Well come visit again someday! A lot has probably changed since then! (Unless you're just 9 now or something).  You're doing just fine. Did you finish? Genius? C'mon man, wedding crashers  Well, you have fantastic cheekbones. Would zombies be affected by alcohol? And if so, would one be able to determine a drunken zombie from a sober zombie? This brings up so many questions.  yea, alcoholism. single going to AA meetings, a bottle of pills, tears then eventually home with mom and dad. Droplets of fluid what it 'ticed' ? Another image of pretentious attitude. http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=VLnWf1sQkjY How was this held? Front right woman, anyone else notice that ghost hand on her right boob? It honestly would be a really fun place to hang out for a random weekend. I have friends come visit me from bigger cities all the time and they come party here because it's so condensed and adorable. If you visit, let me know! I'll meet you out for a drink :) Well I can do my best to describe what I did, though there may be simpler methods out there. Here we go!

1. Decide on a photo you think would be a good combination to use. It may take some time to find something just right.

2. Find any random cover photo with a profile picture, and screen shot it. Save this as an image file (either by going through paint, using gyazo, or some other screen shot option).

3. Open up photoshop (I think I have 3.5 or something, it doesn't need to be fancy) and open the screenshot you saved.

4. Use guide bars (click on the ruler on each side of the photo) to drag guidelines to each of the important lines. These include the outlines for the cover photo, the borders of the profile photo, the profile photo itself, and anything else that may be necessary for positioning.

5. Save this as a template so you can come back to it and use the guidelines for whatever. You can easily delete the underlying photo so you have just the frame of guidelines

6. Copy and paste the photo you want to use into the guidelines template. Resize as necessary (if you have the option to snap to lines, use it as it will help you line up everything)

7. Save the cover photo as one file and the smaller profile picture as another.

8. Upload each to facebook and enjoy!


Sorry if anything is bland or doesn't make sense. I'm kinda drunk and I honestly just sort of figured it out as I went. If you are serious about wanting to do this, PM me and I'll give you some photos and more specific guidance.  http://i.imgur.com/3CUYhkx.gif Derelique.  Are you two the same people? ^ Drunk? did u seriously buy a black dog just to make this post karma whore  They have quite a few of these on display at the bishop museum on Oahu. Great place to visit. Once you have enough money to get as shitty drunk as often as you'd like, that loses the appeal.

It doesn't take much money to get there, either. You weren't kidding, those are some of the most cringeworthy comments I've seen in a long time. when I saw this I assumed you were a pervy photographer, taking the picture of just the ladies bods... instead of trying to get the bouquet in there too... lol location of accident

https://www.google.com/maps/place/Shoppers+Drug+Mart/@43.647817,-79.402292,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x882b34dd928f2715:0x8e1d6526575b8322 Ajay? Thanks! I just recently started getting into night photography when I received a Canon Rebel T5 as a gift. http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2rkt7c/you_can_tell_where_my_priorities_lie/cngybbq http://img.pandawhale.com/99333-Olaf-I-dont-give-a-fuck-gif-Di-NMZS.gif I dunno the one on the far left looks pretty disgusted  Looks like /r/photoshopbattls needs to step it up! Only one? cmon! I'd hardly call it creative http://img.pandawhale.com/99333-Olaf-I-dont-give-a-fuck-gif-Di-NMZS.gif http://img.pandawhale.com/99333-Olaf-I-dont-give-a-fuck-gif-Di-NMZS.gif I would NOT have wanted to be on the highway last night! Yikes! Glad you're safe! "Mmm, damn this drink is good." I was worried Is he from China or the future?   The Aztec versions are called [Macuahuitl](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macuahuitl) What sort of reading material did the kangaroo have there? Diaper to a wedding eh? And on a scale of 1 to Yup, how would you rate that experience? That's derelique Hell I trip over my dog and she contrasts my floors It's not like a word would be defined as ***literally*** the meaning it contracts.  That would be ***literally***, unfucking-believable. Is that a prized onion for the onion knight? It's neat, I suppose.  I've just never been a fan of the DeLorean.  It's car with sub par performance, difficult to find replacement parts, and isn't that aesthetic.  The only neat thing about the car is its role in BTTF movies, which I find cool...but I just never thought "oh man, is that car bad ass!"   angkor *wat* WHO CARES? Just had to make the same decision the day after Christmas.  Woody was 13 as well. We have an excellent vet and that really helps as well.  You are doing the right thing. Sometimes it's hard to do the right thing. We are lucky to experience their joy and their presence. Take care. They later [ruled it suicide...](http://www.rangerreview.com/glendive-suicide) This is maybe the worst thing I've seen online. Is there no way to reclaim the coolant? Upvote for iowa :) M'liquor* Where is UK &amp; Ireland? And they have reunited N and S Korea.  I'm surprised no one has commented to say Malory Archer is voiced by the same woman who plays Lucille Bluth, Jessica Walter. Where is UK &amp; Ireland? And they have reunited N and S Korea.  Yeah but I can't seem to secret enough mucus to get a good slide going on the pavement. Aren't they...aren't they the same person? Wtf am I looking at? You may like /r/TrollXChromosomes  Fun pic :--) This posts was deceitful and disappointing. Despite being a repost, you implied "ways" as in plural. You son of a bitch. Our first car in 65 full boat 10 seat Plymouth Wagon. Dad was to cheap to buy the A/C option in Georgia  :-O
 One of the best stories on Reddit. IS HIS NAME TOD? IT HAS TO BE TOD! That's not very nice to the bride. It would be a better painting than a fucking tattoo well goddamn, she might just grow up to be one *now*, considering she was on the receiving  end of such a glowing example of how you can fuck people over for fun and profit. you just don't do that shit to kids man. hell, even if she was a spoiled little brat, she caught it fair and square and she was to small to defend herself. "Bite me." weddings are so stupid.  Story please.  Heeeeey! How you doin?!

(1 hour later)

"Fuck it. I'm still single." Not particularly. I'm 25 and I know who gene shallot is! You should catch it!

... and then punt it like this: [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptPTl1v-gUU) The one in the back looks like Kim Jong Un /r/cringepics Awesome! Thanks for saying hi!  That's before the quadruple bypass... YAY! :)  How do you think they got to Hawaii in the first place if not by sailing there? The ancient Polynesians reached all corners of the pacific ocean and had a surprising amount of contact and culture shared between island chains. But yeah, not a lot of metal in the Pacific islands.  No those didnt work but wow good catch. We literally might be soul-sisters.  How do you think they got to Hawaii in the first place if not by sailing there? The ancient Polynesians reached all corners of the pacific ocean and had a surprising amount of contact and culture shared between island chains. But yeah, not a lot of metal in the Pacific islands.  gr8 meme  man, that look tho This has to be some next-level satire type shit. It's too self-aware.

Even so, congrats. I cringed so hard I almost sprained my face It's only been active recently Thanks for linking me to the top/all time posts. Saved me a couple of extra seconds of page loading You misspelled necessary. Hi neighbors! I too was born in Waterloo, graduated from UNI and then moved to Iowa City.  My favorite restaurant is still Toads! A wild specialty account appears Prolong, not prevent. yeah, the one the skinny girl in front is going to look like in 10 years. And there she was [Here's my latest video, if you guys are interested.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSB10dbhXjE) I was waiting for this Clearly she doesn't give a fuck about the ceiling.  Is this glen eden? There kind of has to be, how else would you register the cache so people can find it? Geocaching.com You have clearly never been to a wedding that is $1 or $2 bar. I'm not going to complain about that. I guess it's a slow day on Reddit when this is on the front page. Is that the KFC colonel behind you?
Because appeantly that's my priorities.  From how I met your mother plot twist-it was the face Are only beautiful people allowed? Is it a regional thing? I haven't seen it happen at a wedding in the NYC area in years. Eerrr..? I crashed, a funeral today. Thanks. That's an awesome response. I'll for sure look into it. At a DIY skatepark in New Orleans, they kept a plant for when skaters scraped on a fall. Thought that was pretty considerate. I'm guessing you go to weddings as a single. Looks like she threw it quite high. looks like you have your priorities straighten out  Wavy hair kinda helps fwiw. If I was stoned I'd be crying  holy potato batman! They're twice the fun, ask anyone! Better to be caught spooning than forking though  Well, time for a new dog. So is extreme pogo rider what we're calling perpetual virgins nowadays? Name dropping the class, sort of makes this guy sound pretentious. That's insane that other countries are legally allowed to have them as pets, when it's not legal in australia and you face lots of penalties and fines if you're found out. This goes for all our wildlife. You would think they were throwing cheeseburgers just by looking at the chick on the far right.  Wonderful pictures. Thank you. Oh my god, I need this by my bed, by my PC, by my fridge and in the passenger seat in my car! I love you. Shit, I wish I was you. Oh wait, I am. More power to us amazing, single ladies who just don't give a fuck. Burlington, pretty chilly at the moment! Had to grad a sweatshirt today Man, quenches are an utter nightmare for facilities. I'm an x-Ray equipment engineer and I try to stay as far away from MRI as possible. I guess my sarcasm didn't come over as expected.  Well that's super embarrassing. But it also means you have people who care enough about you to advocate for you. That's pretty darn great.  I don't get it... what's wrong? Love it, nice work. 