Also the whole Xbox versus PS debate. Personally, I prefer the Xbox controller and I'm a big Halo fan. Other than that, I see no difference between the two. I mean, you could have made it real for him, you know? Thank you. 
 One

Two

-Crunch-

Three At my school, and I think Colorado in general, it is required for classes like economics to teach finance skills. Since it is a required class, most people should have a good idea on how to do things like taxes. Rain sounds and [SleepPhones](http://www.sleepphones.com/) is quite possibly the best combination ever.  lmfao brutal.  Looks like they got you like 30 min after this comment...  I just started the music video, I'll make sure to be ultra judgmental, pretentious and hateful in all my comments.... when in rome. [This hairstyle.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/05/33/c4/0533c43310909311f541b85016fde910.jpg)

Seriously, 9/10 guys I see sport this 'do. Looks like shit to me. "She sure spends a lot of time in that room!" They still play this at LDS youth dances. Every. Single. One. Dude, you didn't tag this as [Serious]. Made about 7k selling weed my senior year of high school. Spent it all on a backpacking trip to Europe. Worth it  Having problems is now illegal that is all.

 After an interview, generally within a week. Sometimes it happens the next day, sometimes shit gets in the way and it takes longer. You have to remember you're not my only candidate, this isn't the only job I'm working on, and that the hiring manager also has a job to do. After you apply? Depends on volume and if I submitted your profile to the manager. It depends on when they review you. If they decide against, I let you know that. If they want to talk to you, I let you know as soon as I know. It depends on a lot of things. I have 40 roles to tend to and I do my best to review all new applicants and follow up on those in progress everyday. 

Not everything happens perfectly all the time and it can take a long time, but there are more applicants than jobs. For every 100 people that applied for a job in our company around the world last year, we hired 1. Not everyone that applies is reviewed by a manager and I'd be lying if I said I reviewed everyone, but I just don't have time. Holy balls that's awesome. Yes, a doctor. You should probably go have it xray'd and poked on by one of those people who spend years getting a degree in finding out what is wrong with people. I like to park on the farthest, emptiest part of the lot and walk a bit. Most  of the time when I return, someone else will have parked right next to my car. With all that empty space around, I don't really get it. Robot body.  I've seen one of the small blue herons flying alongside a tour boat in Florida. They look like something CGI animated rather than a real living animal, so I can see how one would make people doubt their own eyes. &gt;Required experience: 5+ years Microsoft office suite 2013 well if i pay you to name the boat, can i have a boat free of charge so i can make this happen? Look i already answered couple hate comments already, i guess no not punish them but i just dont see the point of drawing something that you know it will piss off people, i believe in freedom of press and everything and you are allowed to draw anything you want but there are things that no one should be drawing or saying like for muslims it is the image of Muhammad for christians it might something less for jews it might something else as well. Dont get me wrong i condemn the killings i dont see myself even hurting a ant. I try to live my life in peace without offending anyone and i just dont understand how is it to much for me to ask to you to not draw him because it is just not cool in my religion. This is like boiling hot water in a metal can then picking it up even though you know its hot. I dont know i hope you get what i mean.  I opened my arms to invite a hug and said, "Well, we'd better get you to the doctor for some birth control, hadn't we?"

When she was calmed, sure that dad would set things right, I called her Mom, (my best friend) and told her the details, and let her set up the appointment, since she would be accompanying her on the visit.

No problems.  She wasn't pregnant, got the speech on STDs not being affected by pills, etc.

See, I *always* talked/dealt with my baby girl as if she were five years older than her actual age.  She never heard "baby talk" once she was off the bottle. I figured the words she didn't know but was interested in would cause her to ask questions.  The ones she didn't care about would just go by, to be picked up later.  

Really, it was a matter of respect.  I always respected her intellect. Don't think children don't know when they're being respected and when they're not.  I still do this with the neighborhood kids (now that my 'baby girl' is almost 20), and I always get a big "HI OLD_SCHOOL!" whenever they spot me walking the Boxer.  I don't think most children get treated with enough respect, both from my own childhood experiences and continuing observation.  Just look around.  The people most loved by kids are the people who treat them...like people.   it gets me the fuck away from a company that would be absolutely terrible to work for... If you really want to go big, like the VP's and Director's, than your going to need a master's.

However, this does not mean there aren't well paying jobs available with a Bachelors. Be prepared to work *a lot* at those positions. Biggest sum you could probably make with a bachelors in banking is $225,000 with a master's however, easily over 10 million dollars. 

There is money in handling other people's money.

edit: Sweet username btw, Amo latinus! I mean, he'd look exactly like me. Is... is that not enough? RIP my ears. isnt that last one just some weird regional french, or was that actually english?  absolutely disgusting, and awful to do to someone. This doesnt really work, just saying ;) If I was going to play music in public, I'd want to go all out with it. Pick one of my stranger songs, [Ryoji Ikeda](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2S_2r0J7bHo) maybe, or [Bartholomus Traubeck](http://traubeck.bandcamp.com/album/years) so that I'd seem pretentious in addition to being a jerk. Or maybe something like [The Pope Song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTIorwtJbhE) or [Dakimakura For Christmas](http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/630920) (NSFW) for maximum offensiveness.

I'd have to practice looking condescendingly down at people though, so that I could act superior to anyone who couldn't name from memory every single one of my most obscure songs. Not with that attitude.  awesome choices, like clockwork-queens of the stone age, all muse albums, all radiohead albums, rush of blood to the head, safety ep, and blue room ep-coldplay, black sands-bonobo,self titled-m83, la gargola-chevelle Lol I'm 18 and I probably make more money than you. 30k &gt;" Sexually active people of reddit"

lol Verbatim what i recently told my best friend: GET A FUCKING DIVORCE YOU WEAK, DECEPTIVE, LYING PATHETIC EXCUSE FOR A HUMAN.  Platoon, and they would all say "im getting to old for this shit" I'd put my money on Putin I can free write really well. I mean it's not always good but it's always from the heart and means something to me. Also I'm pretty good at journalism.  Putting a question mark at the end of a statement doesn't make it a question. &gt;But, is there anyone who can understand why people do it? 

Dude, we all pretty much *know* why they do it. We just don't condone the lying part.  Fraiser. Always so witty and original. [8] Or a homeless person.

Not that it would be relevant, but its possible. Lot's of people are homeless. A calculator or a light-bulb. the bouncing souls self titled The Click Five - Just the Girl Medium turkey chili... *scoots to the left* Rule #1 about the matrix...  I hate buying gas, so everyone knows to buy me gift cards to the gas station.  Or scratch tickets.  I love scratch tickets. I can hear this sound right now in my house.  All electronics are off and unplugged.  I think I am going crazy.  I always go to lunch by myself. That way I can just enjoy the damn food The story behind my username.  Kite chase. We had a long field at my second elem school and this kid always brought his kite. So you'd have like 50ish little kids running up and down this grassy field chasing the thing hoping to catch it. And no one ever tried to trample it, fight over it, nothing. Just laughing and having a great time. Really shows how environment changes kids. Most of the kids in the ghetto area became ghetto and most if the kids in the nicer areas became either stuckup or wannabe gangsters. But yeah it was fun. The new Tool album. Every year I think "this is the year." But then nothing. At least I've gotten to see them live 4 times since 2010 with yearly tours. And they've gotten better about opening up on the reason why it's taking so long. But dammit I want new music. r/[sure](http://i.imgur.com/j6wRh3U.png)-[did](http://i.imgur.com/JWBRQLg.png) Fuck her right in the pussy. Fapping? New journal!
I write quite a bit and always love when people give me journals.. &gt; getting some type of reverse blumpkin

I think we are outside of the realm of technical terms when it comes to sexual favors. OP was at a loss for words for what he saw, I'm simply posing a theory. Because I want everyone to be equal.feminism the advocacy of women's rights on the grounds of political, social, and economic equality to men.
I want everyone to be equal so I am a equalist.
Alot of feminist find issues in nothing and ignore men problems.
I am a female anti feminist  Move over, Nicholas Sparks That's just Telltale's thing, I think. SBCG4AP was episodic too. I get quite a lot of forearms haha. Thats my favourite thing. The bigger the better Shit, I'm the same. I always stand with my left foot closer so the pee doesn't get onto the seat I had this happen to me at a gay bar. I was taking a piss (I should have locked the door, but I didn't because there are two stalls and a toilet in the bathroom) and some weirdo comes in and says "Ooh hot!". I then realized he's watching my dick in the mirror while I'm taking a piss. 

I ignore him, finish up, and he runs over *and grabs my fucking dick*. I shove him away and tell him I'm not into the hookup scene and he ran to the other side of the bathroom pouting. He's lucky I didn't punch him. Sell it for PC parts! My brother's cat rang the doorbell to get let in the house. Actually, I'm seeing a lot of social justice and anti-racism pushed through, now. /r/picturesofiansleeping

sadly no longer active... :( Dear unisexunicorn,

Congratulations, you got a reaction from users. That's what you wanted right? Well, I've decided I don't like people like you. You've messed with the community of the wrong psychopath. Before you get excited, you haven't even made me angry... I am a hard person to make angry. However, I despise people like you.

Your pitiful hacking skills are hilarious. Hacking accounts and putting up proxies are level 1. Can you hack into encrypted files? Can you tear through firewalls without leaving a mark? Your silly little proxy won't protect you. I have hacked into many computers and spied on the users. I've hacked into games. I've been hacking ever since I had a computer. It's what I was raised to do.

You have no idea to the extend of fear which you should be feeling. All you are is just a community of internet creeps. Have you ever murdered anyone? I have no empathy and I will proably feel joy peeling your skin off your face.

You think I'm giving you an empty threat? Believe that. I have contacts in dark places that you don't want to know about. If you live even close to me you better fear for your life.

Track my IP if you want to, but I am smart enough to use a library computer. Hack into my account if you want, but it'll just make it easier for me to track you.

With love,

A psychopath

P.S. I would fear for your life while you still have it. We worked at walmart together I don't feel like going back to school. I guess I'll keep it then. Can pretty much confirm it's hereditary. My mothers side of the family has the full range of bowel problems. My bother has Crohn's, my aunt has ulcerative colitis, my grandmother has had bowel cancer twice, and her brother had Celiac's. The chance of that not being hereditary is minuscule.  I finished a test in school and was too lazy to get up so I turned it into a paper airplane and flew it to the teachers desk, she didn't accept it D: I think it was Asimov who said "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic", and I think that would apply to anything we do that involves stuff invented in the last 150 years or so - working on computers, TV, microwave ovens, cars, trains, buses, anything with an engine. About the only semi safe activities would be sleeping, eating something that is already prepared, and conversing about the weather or other mundane topic. Even bathing would be magic since it involves hot water and indoor plumbing with flush toilets. I'm in high school in Canada but I was travelling and in Kuala Lumpur at the time. Facebooked my friends and mentioned it but they hadn't heard. I was on the other side of the world and knew about it, funny. It's pee. I'd give you gold for this but I know I'd rather just have the up votes. It's why we're all here isn't it? The Pope. The Breakfast Club. What do they make it from?! I was bald for the first 6 years of my life. I'm a girl. Looking forward to hearing it, mostly intrigued about what my ears will be encountering... The lack of humanity it has in it - this isn't love or sex - nothing like it. Real sex is SO much more satisfying - if only young people knew. It's about so much more...humans have such a range - porn, unfortunately, does not.  No its Becky. For all different reasons.
 Bite their fingernails or rustle the pages of their books  This happens to me too and it's scary as hell.  I have a solution to it though.  Whenever it starts to happen, I chug water as fast as I can and it goes away instantly.  I always have a water bottle on my headboard just in case this happens. Yep. I think there is real truth here, but at the same time I think it is impossible to get jacked up about being an engineer. Unless you are truly badass like you are designing the tallest sky scraper in the world. Russia, no doubt. Kill confirmed in call of duty Wow, yeah that is some pain. I'm glad you're okay now! I have a plate and screws but my injury was so old that the bone graft didn't take. It's not really bad though because the implants hold the bone (scaphoid) together and I just have to make sure not to do anything to put a huge amount of pressure on that part either by pulling, pushing, or twisting because the blood flow isn't so good to that bone now. As the doctor said, "something will give and it won't be the titanium." I don't know what that is and if I did know I couldn't. I got moved to a office then the one he works at.  No girlfriend...

Just endless college hook ups..  Thank you for reminding me that i should download that soundtrack onto my phone.  Body language, man.  You don't have to tell her anything, if you're subconsciously giving her clues,  she'll subconsciously pick up on it. You where too ugly to rape, so i just beat the shit out of you - Anal Cunt fucking random..
 I married my husband a year to the day after meeting him, we couldn't be happier. all i have is a small room, a mattress, white walls, and no decorations. what does that make me? He's great at hide and seek.  My fucking roommate does this, but with both his phone and laptop. We'll be sitting in the living room watching television, he'll come in and sit at the table just a few steps away and proceed to blast music. He also takes phone calls from his family on speakerphone while we're all there watching TV/doing homework... I use a 2 in 1, seems to work ok.  arab dicks are hard as rock. american dicks might be long but limp. that shows, who's sitting down typing shit behind the screen and who's got the real balls to get up and fight the ones they hate. if you hate muslims, close your pathetic Pornhub window tab and get a gun. prove that you have that mythical dick that you always be proud about. In the end, it doesn't even matter. Today you can buy anything from anyone in the world without leaving your home. Want a copy of a super obscure movie? A medical textbook written in Aramaic? Every Beanie Baby ever made? No problem at all. 

Before the net you had to try and find a place to buy something locally or join a club for your hobby comprised of people just like you who would also have had some difficulty getting their hands on certain things. You could forget all about a VHS copy of a super obscure movie, a rare book that was out of print, or that one thing you need to complete your collection of whatever.

It was also much harder if not impossible to know what was happening anywhere in the world unless the media deemed it newsworthy. Want to know the day's top stories in Papua New Guinea or Togo because you're bored? No problem at all today. Back then, forget it. Oh god I can't breathe.  **Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.

If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods! 

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Best of luck. Everything I read up about nuclear is the fear of a meltdown and the disposal of nuclear waste. 

The actual energy itself is far more efficient and clean compared to fossil fuels and the meltdowns that have occurred were because of human error. But look into it. Real interesting stuff!  Eaten- Bloodbath &gt; self proclaimed rapper

That's keyword for low IQ.
 This is clearly a stigma. So why does 1/3 of the female populous still do it?? Well, that's the difference between the two cultures, right? We put up with the Wesboro people ... we don't kill them ... because the moment you pass a law outlawing "offensive speech", we're no longer free at all ... someone could at any moment choose to be offended by any idea they disagree with, thus shutting down all critical conversation - and suddenly you know who rules over you - the people you are not allowed to criticize. That is called asserting dominance. It's 12:30 and now I have to watch the Lion King......  Thanks Reddit As a carrot, I feel offense by your segregation of the species.  We carrots are just as capable of human things as humans are.  Patriotism.

Not anti terrorism act.

 I hate our government.  maybe this reaction is genetic or something, I'm viet and I think durian was sent by the gods to bless our mouths. I will sit there and chow on a bowl of frozen durian any day. Food particles that get... Gag... Caught up in the... Gag... Bottom of the sink when you do the dishes... Gag It's happened a lot actually. But either they don't know what I'm doing, or they think it's too awkward to say anything. I do try to plan it so I know no one will be coming into my bedroom in the near future.  Breakup songs are rough to get over! I hope it has solid and happy connotations for you now! Sweet sweet stack overflow  Ranch dressing runs everything it touches. It is the lowest common denominator of American cuisine and it's use should be outlawed. yea he's a pretty manly man they posted your music there and then complimented it. Even the OP said he wouldn't have made the joke if it wasn't good music.

I'm not sure what to think. If you have an unpopular opinion, this is the place to come and have it found out. Because unarmed people are considered soft targets because they aren't able to fight back. They're considered cowards because they choose to wage their war against targets that are unable to defend themselves instead of fighting against a military and testing their ability to kill against an opponent that is able to defend themselves and put their own life at risk. Nas - Illmatic Walk out and question why they chose this particular shitty apartment over the much nicer (but not *too* nice) looking ones nearby. I suggest: http://www.investopedia.com/ Cheating doesn't imply that they no longer love their spouse though  Boobs. Taking x-rays and you see them often, some chicks just don't bother hiding their boobs when they put on gowns.... Glad old people don't get x-ray often Doctor Murderstein is a fictional character I'm building a story around. It's something I've been working on for like two years, and still don't feel ready to write, but I got this username originally just as a means of test driving his personality in conversations. It helps me flesh him out. It started as a name, an abuse of the mad scientist *stein* cliche to it's maximum by prefixing it with murder. It was a name so ridiculous it could only belong to a mad scientist and it stuck with me.

Then Doctor Murderstein had modes of transportation, rivalries, purposes, annoyances, things he had to deal with, a job. This whole little clockwork universe with meshing parts started falling in around him, and it's strange, but it doesn't seem like I should actually write about it until it's done.

The shortest explanation of him I think I can manage is this: Doctor Murderstein is a mad scientist living in a society that has, through a social experiment involving costumed theatrics, ended all 'real' crime and attracted all the world's super humans, mad scientists, and a couple of aliens. He teaches (mad) science to out of control, second and third generations of super humans as community service.

He shrank a bank and broke some rules, even though he eventually gave it back. It all has to do with that social experiment. Instead of going to jail like he wanted, the city sees an opportunity to shift a problem on him, and basically dump these kids in his lap since normal teachers can't seem to control them. And because it would be easier than opening the jail back up to house one guy, especially since his only reason for wanting to go to jail is so that he could break out of it.

 Scotch whisky. Comcast. Have had them for many years and get excellent service. How so? Lower to the ground better cornering. And it would still be just as fun. Sweet, I'll try that out next time. Thanks. I'm curious, is this New York? "Ctrl-F 'Sandstorm'" Close. 25, depressed, underweight and with a cat. Yeah, they pay for your medical treatment, and get you the attention you need. And after all is done and done if you can't perform your job 100% they go and fire you. And most no fault States, are probably at will States which require no reason to fire you if they want. 

Sure you can go and Sue them and all. But then you can be in a never ending string of lawsuits and appeals and such until you are bankrupt and such.  I like it! Thank you. Sure. Prophet Muhammad lived in the Middle East. Prophet Muhammad used to ride a camel, and also sometimes used to gaze at the stars at night.

Then, one day - Prophet Muhammad married a 6 year old girl. 

*Sometimes, I wonder if there are any more details to the story myself. Time-travel will soon be possible, so I'm hopeful I can travel back 1400 years and understand fully. Then I will travel back 1400 years to explain it on CNN. Then I will eat a peach. And halal gyro* http://www.wired.com/2011/09/jumping-off-a-building-with-bubble-wrap/

This link postulates that you wouldn't need much more than 39 layers in order to mitigate injury from jumping out of a plane as the layers of bubble wrap would slow your terminal speed down.  Sometimes out of the blue,  my speech becomes slurred and I have a hard time walking. Actually slurred is putting mildly.  Sometimes it's almost impossible to speak.  It's almost like my arms and legs become disconnected.  Sudden movements would trigger it.  It was worse when I was younger, but now,  not so much. A minute or two later and I'm fine.   A Female who is SUPER good at giving massages!! I'm a freelance musician and you get get away with a lot of these things.  Your career just might stagnate or you'll slowly start getting less work.

You want real career suicide, be frequently late or don't show up to a booked gig.  You'll quickly be blacklisted.  Also, being hard to work with or talking lots of shit about people you've worked with.  Networking is the name of the game and if you start burning bridges, you're done. Your friend recently discovered this song? What are you, like 15? No. It's a dream. PTSD is from traumatic *events* not traumatic things your mind made up The Order 1886

Because Nichola Tesla is a Badass! same!! My prof taught me to put plausible key words at the very bottom in microscopic print.  Than to change the color to white.  Those programs will pick them up, but no one else will.  (: Throw them in the trash. Babies crying. I have heard so much worse in my lifetime it doesn't even bother me If you asked this 10 years ago it would have easily been Putin.

But now...the guy is old... Probably still Putin... Clicked thru yahoo &gt;  Then one day he attacked my face because he'd gotten out of my room and climbed onto my roommate's bed while he was having sex with his girlfriend an he'd slapped the poor little bastard so hard he flew into a wall.

This is a very confusing series of events, this may require clarification. i have a way that is very hard to explain...I push breath into my sinus from my mouth.  I don't know how else to describe it.   Mormons, Amish and Baptists don't have a subculture of assassins. Is... Is that even English?  Never heard of it... artist?
 What a confusing story Putin  In my position, it's encouraged to question policies/procedures handed down. It's HOW you question/critique it that matters

-manager that reports to the executive group Wait staff/ kitchen staff doing something wrong. I tip every time to every one no matter what.  True, my problem is what is actually tested on them. It is not like you go to college to specifically study english or mathematics or writing only, but to study a major/field. A major may deal a lot more in math, but might not require one to use as much english; regardless if they are bad at english, then they are less likely to do what they want to do. "Kids, clean your room! Take out the trash! ~~Do your homework!~~" Double your pleasure  
Double your fun... I like my women like I like my whiskey,
11 years old an mixed up with coke #pedobear If you're having trouble getting her to turn over, try giving her a rolling start, then pop it in first.  Are you trolling me or just not paying attention to context? I said that in response to him saying that the Islamic reformation is unique in that it exists in this globalized era and neither of the examples you provided are from the era of globalization.  Have you tried this bedtime calculator? Works for me and is great for staying up to study or getting up for early flights.  http://sleepyti.me Man oh man do I like airplanes. your boyfriend is missing option 3, just dont wash it. my car has not been washed in over a year.  I like my women how I like my pancakes -- short and stacked  Yeah, he's definitely mean. He's also really short though. I'm an artist, and I'm famous for drawing copious amounts of porn! Comment of the day! I think you may need a new pancake recipe if that has been your experience I still use the shampoo.  On one hand, no such test is going to accurately measure or comprehensively capture the intelligence of a person.

On the other hand, how else are you going to compare millions of students when you have to select a subset for acceptance or funding? Yes. Ugly guys, and guys who don't know how to eat pussy. On the off chance that they *are* good at going down on females, they still only show about two seconds of it. Cpr because you could save a life mang. At least you are getting some... Only if they are boku no pico posters;-) Seconded. Except all the episodes without Eric/Kelso Yeah that's sort of what I mean, I find it hilarious when I see it used in store posters and stuff, commercial use is not the place for comic sans. It's usually small business owners who never got the memo. Wait seriously? Care to explain how you got there? Sounds like an epic 2000's mix! I don't agree with your opinion, but you are certainly entitled to it. I'd say we'd probably have a better chance in getting people more involved in science if we instill it at a very young age and go on from there. If games in classrooms were designed to get people to think more like puzzles and whatnot, that would be a good start. Also, it would be cool if all the cool games played in gym were something educational like some sort of active sportsy game that teaches quantum mechanics at an early age lol Made fun of someone in passing. Someone who I claimed was my friend. 

I felt terrible afterwards and never tried again.  What's the best you've heard about so far?  And got so far (on the bus). No Flex Zone "Red red wine you make me feel so fine..." Are we best friends now? Technically we met in middle school and used to chat in band class, though he was a grade higher than me. Sadly, I learned that he does not remember that at all. He had no idea I existed until we met again in high school. Why not? Some poser hands me cake at a birthday party. What'cha want me to do with this? Eat it? Happy birthday *to the ground*! On my stomach with one leg bent underneath me.  Plot twist: the pigs are fighting a war with humanity, and the black man was Morgan Freeman narrating  Oh god I remember when Hot Topic was giving away ICP's new single or something on CD with each purchase. I still have it somewhere. thanks stranger. if I do make bank off nuclear I'll contact you. As long as they are with family, I'm sure they're ok. There's probably not much you can offer besides moral support immediately, but things will come up as they sort out new living accommodations etc. There will be plenty of opportunities to help. I second this! Plus you can mindlessly watch it over and over again and it's still funny. Giving up 4 hours of anime to make and render a video. That's not including audio and any visual after effects which will be just about none. I like my women how I like my men: tall and with a penis.  Yeah, why wouldn't I?

I would wager that I stand a far higher chance of being *assumed to be lying* simply for not answering something in the manner expected than I have of *actually* being caught lying about something.

Face it, there are countless arbitrary, subjective reasons for which a person might reject a candidate.  Why waste your time sweating concerns about what *one company* might think of you *if* they catch you in a lie?  It simply doesn't make sense to be principled in a job search.  Companies behave in their own best interest, and so should the job candidate.
 Musical talent scout Yeah, I haven't one at all, so Spring Time will probably be the time it comes back (esp. since it's apparently related to weather changes) Perhaos a control that tests their tolerance of someone else offending the hell out of them and their most precious beleifs. I dont k ow.
 
But something has to be done.

There are whole areas in france now being run as islamic mini states.

 Force them to walk on legos. I wasn't speaking directly to you, but to people in general. I think people get really caught up in what is happening to them and they don't take into account the world around them. Peanut butter, Dill pickel chips, and BACON!!

Awesomeness! Bigotry. Thank you so much (:
Its nice to know that someone has a similar situation and i agree--trust is super important. Its my self image that is fogging my trust in his words, and thats something i need to work on for myself.
He doesnt try to feed me and hes only ever asked once if id be interested in gaining weight. Hes accepting and honest and i just need to remember that.
Your reply really helped so, thanks again. Super continent? Did it have a big cape or something? I'm honored to have written the highest ranked definition for this phrase. All credit goes to /u/Diplomjodler and his remarkable typos. (I'm assuming that's how he got his username as well).

http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=rainfall+discussion&amp;defid=8043041 Not Another Teen Movie Nope. It's the kids on the subway/bus that blast music that're annoying  If you haven't found your calling yet, you're not going to get it by waiting. Go out there and do anything. At worst, you'll have crossed an option off the list. Friends Laughed how you emphasized you found them on youtube. Just to prove they werent already on your phone.  except Kanye is actually talented.  I hope you tell your children this story! It's a fucking incredible feat of technology that we are even able to travel across continents so quickly. Years ago people would wait for weeks and even months to travel similar distances. I can wait a few hours to have the luxury of being able to travel so quickly these days. Liar, bitches don't have rocks, and I have met a load of bitches, and 10/10 no rocks on them.. Decaf and alcohol-free beer are a gateway to blow-up women. Because I'm sure he wasnt already having a rough go of things. You really are a great friend I'm sure. I promise we are not all weird like that guy. 

Glad you could laugh about it though. AA has progressed a lot since their old stuff. Granted, Danny is 23 and thinks he's got more class than Sinatra, but its baby steps.  Rocky 

Imagine Mick 130 years old coaching the 80 year old Rocky. Yikes, hope you have a speedy recovery. cause its freezing outside =( I'm female and:

* do home improvement, woodworking, and welding
* avoid dresses and skirts like the plague, never wear makeup, never do anything with my nails besides clip them, and don't have my ears pierced
* take things apart to fix them, improve them, or just because I'm curious
* hate socializing, small talk, and gossip
* hate children and will never have them
* hate salads and foods involving leafy shit
* never cry over anything except anime, and have little to no emotional response to anything
* am sexually attracted to girls
* have a waifu (but just for fun, not in the really creepy way)
* assembled my own PC, use a mechanical keyboard, and went way overboard in designing &amp; building my LAN
* am getting a STEM degree (and am appropriately smug about it over liberal arts plebs) Protest the Hero is actually good... 	
Not an American but I will add an observation to the mix. My father was brought up in the imperial system, everything in his head most of the time is in that system only. I was educated in the metric system everything is in that system for me most of the time. I have learnt to a basic level (from my father) the imperial system and he has also to a basic level learnt the metric system (mostly from me and from the changes of metrification), this purely on the basis that 99 times out of 100 he will ask for something from me in his system ie 6inches of this or a pint of that and for me it's vice versa. 
 &amp;nbsp;
 
My entire knowledge of the metric system is to me 'in built' as it's what I know and was as such calibrated throughout my schooling, none of it made any real mention other than in passing that the imperial system is the old way and metric as we were learning is the new way and very briefly why it was better. However like I've said, I can work in imperial units when required by generally someone older. 
 &amp;nbsp;
 
And so on to my point, I just don't understand why it's not set in stone by government that the USA migrates to the metric system in much the same way that the UK and Republic of Ireland did so many years ago.  
 &amp;nbsp;
 
Next to nothing changes except the following (+ my brief reasons why). 
 &amp;nbsp;
 
- **Education** - new children starting school for their first ever day are taught in metric only. No imperial system to be used at any time for these students educational purposes. Any existing students who are not starting school for the first time in their lives continue as they were learning in imperial/mix of units. No issue, everyone bar teachers should be happy and being honest even teachers should have no issue to adapting as their material change on at least an annual basis. 
 
- **Packaging of products** - everything remains the same, a 1 gallon jug stays just that, same size, same price, same packaging except that it now adds a metric weight/measure beside the imperial one. Apply this to everything, milk, fruit, boxed items, postage measurements, fuel. Everyones happy and everyone getting exposure to how much a metric measure of their day to day item actually is. 
 
- **Duality of signage** - any new road signs or signs showing distances show both the measures of the distance. Everyone that knows miles will still understand how far they have to go, but will start to get used to the idea that 80km is also 50miles. 
 &amp;nbsp;
 
In time (30years or so) this will become the norm for young people, people will become used to it and those going through the updated education system (like myself) wont see a significant advantage to the old system. Therefore their use of the old imperial system wont make a difference day to day as they think and work in metric. 
 &amp;nbsp;
 
Move forward and 60 years after the introduction, the children of my generation will have been brought up by metric parents and therefore there will be very few people who will work in the old system fully and very few will have any real understanding of how many yards in a mile etc. 
 &amp;nbsp;
 
Like the UK and Ireland, the systems will slowly change by itself, manufactures will see that there's no point in offering 2lb of meat and start doing it in 1kg volumes after a period of time. People wont be happy with this change but over the course of 30years it's a grumble rather than the current hard sell that metrification has been for Americans (and British and Irish people).  
 &amp;nbsp;
 
Yes you do get some strange things like 4pints of milk (not in ROI) but on the whole 30 odd years after the metrification things are going well towards a 100% metric future. 
 &amp;nbsp;
 
**The key advantages to doing it this way are**

- less opposition to the change to start with as nothing actually gets taken from anyone, everyone still gets the units and measures they are used to 

- easier to work with as no one has to outright learn the new system as they can continue to use the old one 

- you would be working on a common system with the rest of the world 

- avoids costly mistakes where unit confusion occurs (see certain space mission pancaked on Mars) 
  &amp;nbsp;

**Main downsides**

- people may get confused (very limited this one but the duality of the process means it's hard to find an excuse for confusion outside of stupidity) 

- slight cost implication to complete (change to packaging but if announced very early before the change would have no real cost addition because it would be possible to implement in advance of the change when a product changes the packaging at a point in the near future) 

- fuel (and some other things) will at some point need to change to metric (as they can't easily advertise prices in both on signs) but there's nothing wrong with that being done after 30years of the receipts showing both units and people getting used to it. A simple process of legislating that all signs are changed to metric and stations when they update signage can easily add the few $ for an add on they can mount with the word 'litres'.  

- long process to implement (requires commitment but if it's made law then it wont fail and just requires patience).  Unfortunately my knowledge ends there since I never stream anyway. Have you asked /r/techsupport?  Skydiver here: no. Murder their SO/kids in front of them in a very brutal way. 

DON'T GET IDEAS OP, YOUR BOSS IS JUST HAVING A BAD DAY. keeps him lower to the ground. harder to take down /r/sixwordstories Hebdo's gonna print 1000000 copy of it. i'm curious about what's gonna happen When making meatloaf, its raw ground beef, which is super cold and squishy plus raw egg, ketchup, more cold, and you mix it by hand, it sounds gross too pshh, I was WAY off He has a way lower budget to work with.. so may not be the same as you expect. [Getz/Gilberto](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KpIV57PSeo)

[Random Access Memories](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U-tLn6Acno&amp;list=PLPPCjdJO1OwHtxRldCRTNMhhe1BNkNoZd)
 Be very careful where you treat it... that may cause you to break out in handcuffs. Like if you're near a playground or school by chance. Or in your car at the mall... or while watching soccer Moms at the local grocer.  Mmm yes blue cheese too! You're right around the age I started getting into the music I'm into. And you're listening to the same shit I was listening to at that age. I promise you, you won't regret going to check out that show I linked you to.  Queens of the Stone Age - ...Like Clockwork 
Arctic Monkeys - AM
Led Zeppelin - Led Zeppelin 2
Akon - Freedom
 Pro-tip: Jezebel is not a reputable source of scientific and medical news. You're calling bullshit, but you're using bullshit as your source to do so. So I'm calling bullshit on that.

http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/apt.12782/full

 Thats true. Although imo TC5 is sounding good. (D'usse for example)
And while I agree that him falling out should mean he's held accountable and not known as the best. Bands in other genres can get away with making 1 or 2 good albums then producing trash for the rest of their lifespans. Yet they're still known as good. IE Weezer for example Yes. It was my dad. We never spoke about it. 

He told me years later I should be thanking him for the "enormous" gift he passed on.  Looking for a specific piece, I ended up getting pinned to a wall by a few hundred, maybe 1000lbs worth of freight. I wasn't really worried about death besides the initial collapse, but it was fun sitting there for hours while my coworkers unloaded my trailer around me.  Can't wait.  Oh man, I haven't listened to Bowling for Soup since high school... thanks for the throwback! Always Sunny n Scrubs were good choices, I'll add walking dead.. but after a few you'll marathon. It's not. 34 and oh god shut it off before I stab my ears. Thank god TV sets don't do that anymore. Hippie. Did you invade Djibouti with the aid of Greece? &gt;And you will learn that you can't just drop 5 pounds in a week. That shit takes time.

Not really related, as I'm not overweight, but I dropped 8 pounds in one day - **ONE DAY** - over the holidays. I couldn't hold on to weight if my life depended on it. At 17, 6'2", 160, I'd kill for an extra 15-30 pounds. Don't know, never got to measure it with a tape or anything, but I'd say about 10 feet with a full bladder, angle, and force. Unless it's a child I smile and wink. Regardless of any other factors. If it's a child I stick my tongue out and make silly faces  Texas? The real question is then, who DO you trust? Tissue* Now, my time to shine, after years of lurking. i finally made an account for this question.
I actually have a five number code for this exact idea.(Even if impossible for a plethora of reasons, still fun to day dream about.) This code however, is specifically designed to screw with people who try to convince me. I say it is a five number code but, it does not have five digits nor is it exclusively numbers. It even has pitfalls for if it is written down and delivered. If tortured out of future me, i make a seemingly insignificant change to the outwardly random looking code that, as resolved by current me, would change the code dramatically. I don't have to worry about myself forgetting the code for these are numbers close to me yet (for some reason unknown to me) not easy to pick up on. All i have to do is ask for the code and see if they comply. Hopefully this also works for alternate dimensional future me for, if we have the same number code, than we are likely moving in the same waive length.  Yes and those giraffes that tipped there head up right after you landed on them! Snarky jerks. To be fair asking Alexandria is better then the other two mentioned. Black veil brides is close if not the worst band I have ever heard.   can you say that about either? Yeah ok. I was getting prepared for a competition and a induced exertional rhabdomyolysis. It was terrible. The ER doctors thought that i just wanted drugs so they shot me up with some morphine. For a second I stopped screaming waiting for it to work, and they thought that i was surely just a junkie trying to get a fix, but NOPE! I started freaking out more because I was under the impression that morphine reduced pain. Finally they blasted with with 6mg of dilaudid and that had me ok, but it STILL hurt, it was just endurable enough to be coherent.  I guess if you just write a bunch of useless executive orders. That's cool too. "quality and turnaround time" - That's a good metric! Thank you for taking the time to respond to me,I found it very helpful. Concentration gradients. Part of what makes Eve work is that it's designed to account for high latency, allowing people from all (populated) continents to play on a reasonably level playing field. You can't do that with E:D's flight model. I would never sacrifice this aspect of Eve for a slightly better flight system. 

That's not to say E:D's flight model isn't great or anything, I'm probably going to buy it, but it'd never work as an MMO.  /r/BlackPeopleTwitter  Scrubs Okay, I'm impressed since you didn't just make that account right now. Australian for sure. Ummmmm, nooooooo. I'll pass on the Hep.  Nice compromise. Gorillaz - Demon Days My intestines stick to my abdominal wall so whenever I breath it "hitches" and you can feel my side vibrate. Hurts a lot too ): I would vote for you Fair enough
 In my dorm a few years back I knew who was walking down the hallway just by the song that they were playing on their phone. Drove me crazy.  Your post has been removed as it either violated [Rule 1 ](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) or [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:

* **Your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post.  Your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box.**

* **You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title.**

* **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**

Use the text box to explain your question if necessary (adding context or conditions), but do not use it to share an answer, add unnecessary context to the question or include your personal story. As the submitter, any answers or stories go in the comments section as a reply to the post. This is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked, and the submitter's answer, when voting.

Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.

[**When you've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox, message the mods for review and reapproval**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;subject=Post%20Review%20Request&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;message=My%20post%20was%20removed%20under%20rule%201,%20please%20review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2rtw0c/if_there_was_a_video_game_hell_for_killed/) and ask the moderators to re-approve it.


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* We can't have headphones in at work, but can have music playing if it's not too loud. My Japanese music always draws questionable looks, but everyone is fine with it. My eyebrows are knives. Could be a Persian trait but sometimes they nearly make me cry because they're constantly rubbing against my skin and stabbing it. I HATE MY EYEBROWS. But... I do have full control over both of them and it's pretty cool. Wrong in the head, Kickstarts, and Midnight Run all by Example. NIN - Closer. Can get awkward. Same thing here! I'm so happy to see those pains have a name!! I can't not think of the Scrubs finale when I hear that song. That's creepy Have fun getting my Russian mother to believe this. I wasn't allowed to go outside without being bundled up like a babushka bracing herself for Siberian weather. Also wasn't allowed to eat ice cream during winter :( A mild case of KS syndrome :( seems more like she traded-up What's this all about? Serious response: Kazoos are sturdy as hell, but don't blow too hard or you'll rip the little paper insert that makes the rattle sound work. 

I am a street musician who occasionally adds a kazoo to my fiddle playing, and those damned things will blow out if you try to get too loud. Other, than firefly Because it's nice to say thank you...where are your manners? I dunno -- I've seen people be really passionate about problem solving, especially software designers.  They light up. There's starving kids in Africa who would have loved to eat those jeans. 

C'mon man.  The 'Risk' board game wouldn't be as much fun.  Because if we didn't have sex for 3 days we hated each other. Completely sex driven. Yu-gi-oh cards seemed popular in 4th grade bought some Kaiba deck and it turns out only losers played it.

I was king of losers. I could be wrong here. But don't these exams measure how well you retain information like many tests. You can Ace the exam, but it is how you apply the information afterwards. Hopefully, you retain the information and put it to good use. Men don't need time out as a matter of medical/psychological health when a child is born. 

Paternity leave wouldn't make things equal. Sure, companies would have to consider paternity leave when employing men, but they still know that man didn't just deliver a human baby into existence. 

That means that in an emergency, they could call a man on paternity leave and ask him for help with the problem; whereas, it's ridiculous to expect a woman who is medically unfit to work to do the same.

As long as a man is medically fit to work after a child is born, maternity leave will always be a possible career problem for women. Just wanted to add, never in my life have I really experienced anyone at all waking up screaming. First time was the middle of the night and scared the shit out of my mom, whose house I was staying at during recovery. It was a few days before that stopped happening. How long did that happen to you? My philosophy on job interviewing is that I am interviewing the company more than they are interviewing me.  In the past, I was desperate.  I would say anything and everything to be the perfect candidate.  Now, I'm 100% myself (or as close as I can be, when talking to random strangers).  Fuck it.  I want to know if I'm going to be a good fit or not right off the bat - I don't want to have to fake being something I'm not for the next 10 years or so. Beirut - Gulag Orkestar DorcoUSA.com sells the same blades sold by Dollar Shave Club. They're at least as good as Gillette, and way cheaper.  20 bucks is like 1-2 years worth of blades, depending on your facial hair.  Sleep. I'm lying here playing on my phone, not particularly entertained, as the hours slip away before I need to get up. Well you can't fund extremism and violence if all your riches get destroy in a power struggle so it sounds fine to me. Then again Id burn down oil fields to take their money away given the chance.  "When I was just a young whipper snapper at band camp..." /r/theydidthemath Always on my side with my top leg thrown over and clutching a pillow
I sleep in cuddle position always...which is odd.  There are some good Verb the Noun bands... Protest the Hero, for example. Or the hypocrite, or the powerful but oblivious 1,000 times yes. Used to think that listening to the Black Eyed Peas was awful, but Pitbull literally causes human ears to bleed.  Every time my order is messed up, I either fix it as well as I can or I assume I ordered it wrong or I wasn't clear enough and apologize for messing it up. Now THATS catholic guilt. Do u use those words w/ or w/o the "" marks? My mother and grandmother do this. They'll post some cat video or a buzzfeed list from 2012 and then almost immediately call me to ask if I've seen it yet and what I thought about it. They will also ask again next time they see me in person. 

I've recently disallowed friends to post to my wall just to see if their heads explode.  Dobby didn't deserve to die Isn't that similar to how Digg died? Cuba in a stand up fight, Brazil if it goes to the mat. What the fuck does that even mean?  You do realize by listening to it multiple times you're setting yourself up to "dig it". That's what I don't get when people say this. Of course if you familiarize music that is in vaguely the same genres of music you enjoy you'll slowly find yourself liking it.  OMG. There's always one a day during my commute every day. 
I swear one guy listened to the same Mexican folk song over and over again the entire half hour I was on the subway.  It isn't but who cares that someone thanks someone for doing so?  Varies from person to person but I find it much easier to talk to guys as I'm also a guy there tends to be less focus on roles and games.  Daddy issues. Sky diving  /r/nudes_of_ops_mom :( =  .  +  .  +  (  
 .  +  .  +  (  = 3
Half-Life 3 confirmed.  Reddit,

Shower,

Fap

Reddit, 

Sleep. What's that? It's a little odd to complain about having to do what management says and yet have no desire to be promoted to a level where you take on the responsibility of decision making. Not sure what system you're imagining for society, but no matter what the system, someone's making decisions and people have to then carry out tasks accordingly. (Very small groups have made communism work, but unless you want to live on a kibbutz in Israel, you're stuck with pay for work.)

As for nurturing, I mean helping you grow in the direction you're interested, in helping you focus on the work you like, in working with you to adjust the work environment to make it better fit your needs. These are things many managers do. They aren't robots. They're people. And many want to help.

I'm wondering if you're relatively young? I say this because it's usually young adults who decry capitalism and claim that the system is inherently failed in its conception.  300lb married woman here. It's not 300lbs of dead weight sitting on you, that is totally and completely different to a sentient and animated human being. If I'm supported on my knees, I'm not putting my full weight on him, so he's not feeling 300lbs of pressure at all. 
There are hundreds of muscles and bones holding me in an upright position, however, if I was to suddenly pass out or whatever on his lap, it would become a big problem very quickly.  If you want to censor people don't be on a public forum.  I'll be downloading that after my shift, thanks. Or when its super cold out, so the shits still warm when you put it in the bag, so its literally hot shit I wear alpaca t-shirts. I think it's relatively unnoticeable... just dumb Well, you've done it. I'm already dumbfounded Do you play for a living or just freelance on the side?  Making it a job can make it more difficult and take some of the lustre out of it.  It's one thing as a hobby just doing the kind of music you enjoy.  It's different when you're doing it to pay the bills and you're doing what people want to hear and need to be good at a variety. I would sneak to his house in the middle of the night to wash that car, should he choose option 3. He washes it twice a year, secretly I think one of those washes is for my own sanity. I play trumpet too, but I'm dating a flute player! One of the many band stereotypes :P Freaks and Geeks  Cultivating karma.  Freaks and Geeks They definitely hurried up and switched that name quickly.. If you are depressed, seek help. 

 Yeah, but what really is controversial in todays modern society?


 are they related? This is definitely a big one. I tend to keep these kinds of people at an arm's length. Anyone who just wants to be friends with everyone and be neutral all the time no matter the situation hasn't got a shred of loyalty. So while I might still talk to a person like that, I don't think I'd want to have a meaningful friendship with them or rely on them for anything, and I found that out the hard way. It's a pretty sad day when you realize a good friend of yours is like this. I thought we were really good friends, but when it came down to it, they'd rather say nothing than have my back. Disappointing to say the least  Sleep. And the police.

-Lil Jon Those cost a lot more than $20.  You moose fucker, **we trusted you!** Having mouth wired shut, the having them remove the wires with a pair of pliers. I do alright these days. I'm 31 now, and every company I work for (I give them full disclosure because I take more sick days than a "healthy" person) and anyone I have more than a casual acquaintanceship with has always understood and not been judgmental with me. This "acceptance" has made day-to-day life a lot more bearable than high school.  Oh yeah, that's a good one.  Their sound changed a little bit between the the two albums, but it's still quite pleasant to listen to.  I can't wait to see what they develop it into by the next release.

Side note, have you listened to any Hands Like Houses? Of course Oops I did it again. Bills! Sounds boring and responsible I know but... Coca cola  You just M Night Shyamalaned me. Should always tip whether or not the service was shitty. Just don't go back if you felt that strongly. I'd probably ask this girl out. On Tuesdays we use our pink wheelchairs.  Film theory  *Uteri I need to know how this person supports themselves, rofl
 motherfucker likes cream soda. Not really a game, but I'm really looking forward to heists in GTA V. survival of the fattest? Can I make the cupcakes for you?  Have an awesome one with candied bacon on it! Sure we have, if 'we' is the collective 'we'. You may not have, but that doesn't mean that nobody else hasn't, or at least isn't convinced that what they saw was nothing short of supernatural. There's really nothing that could be said to prove or deny it, it's true to the believer, that's what makes it belief. Ultimately it doesn't matter, to each their own. he goes to the club with Santa Clause and the Easter Bunny. I was insanely drunk and have no memory of it. So his first time meeting me, I stumble up to him, grab him by the shoulders, and tell him I love his necklace.

He wasn't wearing a necklace.

The second time we met (but the first for me), was through a mutual friend at a coffee shop. I thought he stole my umbrella. He didn't. We've been dating ever since. Give zero fucks Space Jam. Sleep deprivation.  Let them nod off but don't let them fully fall asleep.  That messes with anyone's head. &gt; The world would be a more violent place, without guns.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n5E7feJHw0 More germs come from your hands than from double dipping
 Wait, I thought geography was required. We went over geography throughout school, at least since elementary. Where in America do they not teach geography? Man, I haven't hopped on the Scrubs bandwagon yet... I feel as though it is a must watch though...  You can google it! See third result for "[long term wage compression](http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/2jx7v2/chris_christie_im_tired_of_hearing_about_the/)" or just click that link. Slaves, nice and tender to beat the shit out of. And also remember what you're required to disclose; employers do this in New Zealand, "Do you have a criminal record" and "have you ever had diversion" - you are under no obligation to disclose that. Same can be said for the clear slate provision. Know your rights before you start disclosing information. As a metal chick, it's a little embarrassing when people see Take Me On- A-ha favorited on my Pandora. A little. What restaurant is that? ? MythBusters North Korea. Joy :) a blow job This. The preferable, but that's not always the case. If you know the general area you want to be involved in, you can go to a college that is you know is good in that general area and test out the waters there where you can instantly declare a major once you get things figured out. But if you have absolutely no idea what you want to do, you might just want to go to a decent-enough college (most likely a local college) to check things out, and after you figure out what you want to do, you can easily transfer to a college that suits your interests. I didn't.  I didn't even want the gold I got in the first place.  Although I got it for making fun of people who wear fedoras so whoever gave it to me clearly is on the right level. Same here 1. Barchords
2. Because the Internet
3. Supermodel
4. St. Elsewhere

I cannot humanly recommend these albums enough. I've never been caught masturbating. But I've caught my younger brother multiple times.  Haha!!  27 too. Damn I can hear it, it sucks.

Wait, we're still supposed to be young, right? Don't thank for gold. They're not going to check bad to see if you thanked them. Sit down, rest your elbow on the arm of the chair. Let someone hand you the baby, don't reach for it until you are more comfortable. Settle the head in the crook of your elbow/lower bicept, rest the baby on your chest/abdomen (depending on how high your elbow is) and support with your arm, with your hand on the backs of the baby's thighs. Support the bum/back with your other arm. Adjust slowly with your free hand until you are comfortable, never letting the head drop back.  Beck - Loser Ask out the girl of my dreams. As an unemployed individual, I guess it would be getting a job. By doing things that were NSFW obviously  gandhi accomplished more through non-violence then any terrorists have done. gaining independence from Britain. what has any terrorist ever accomplished? well you may win it, but only if it's tied first with the rest of the thread. yes. I prefer her to show as much cleavage as possible, especially when she's sick or unconscious i use to get mad at this but now the only thing i would be upset if i asked if an unwanted sauce ended up on my order that cant be picked off.  Thanks, please be brutal, as I need a dose of reality. /r/lewronggeneration Could be worse. They could call you Panda Express. Thousands and thousands of miles fueled by Snowballs, Combos, Snicker bars and Red Bulls! r/undergarments the most risque click of the century Axiom Verge.

What can I say, I'm a sucker for a Metroidvania game.  And this one's got the whole auteur thing going for it. They're a bunch of members of r/metalcore actually.  He was super annoying and immature People are romantic, genders are not. If you win you have to split it with me though.  Running Socks.  yes, the flu is her cousin yeah, i think it's creole, so not actually english. doesn't count for this i guess. Also Sex Ed should include lessons on identifying the differences between a healthy relationship and an unhealthy one and how to cope with heart break.  Never struggle if you're caught in quicksand.

The way to do it is to wriggle your legs around. This creates a space between the legs and the quicksand through which water can flow down to dilate [loosen] the sand. You can get out using this technique, if you do it slowly and progressively. I live in Philly and what I see(or I guess hear) more often than not is just dudes and often girls as well just walking down the street rapping out loud, like real loud, cuss words and all that.  That's a huge false generalization ... there are most certainly religions (doomsday cults for example - remember the Japan subway attacks awhile back? yeah they are still real) that support such extreme behavior. Who has the authority to say who is the real Muslim in this case? The extremists certainly believe they are Muslims .... it's more accurate to say there are multiple sects within Islam, and some are more extreme than others ... same with other religions. Lie about the size of your peen. And they are related because...? I can't wait to see someone use a super tiny font and just pack the page full. Maybe a bunch of columns so the reader can expand them if desired. I'm going to do this now for fun actually and see if I get any bites. Cover page for all that "keep it on one page" bs. Amanda Seyfried. I like her but she reminds me of a weird lifelike anime chick. That I'm an organized person when in reality I just cleaned this shitty fuckwaste today. They're also phenomenal live...  I wasn't a fan of anything after hybrid theory for a long time cause I was some sort of nu-metal hipster, but after seeing them live at Projekt Revolution (which I originally mostly went to in order to see Mindless Self Indulgence) I realized almost all of their stuff had a lot of merit and had to go re listen to everything I poo-poo'd earlier.  It goes from positive to negative very quickly. China.... Best  spicy dog EVER! People BYOB by System of a Down rocked my shit in 7th grade. http://www.reddit.com/r/tsunderesharks

... bakka! The majority of predator and kidnappers are family members, so how would the absence of a sticker change anything? I'm not sure why but when I'm eating I don't take a sip from my drink until after all the food is finished. No because its not the actual religions that are its the people in them that are incompatible with those things. 

You probably want justification on why I say that so here it goes.

1) These are generally just systems that try and best promote their ideal society through the use of stories that are not always clear to us. 
2) There is nothing in the teachings of these religions that is inherently against these things but its the people that are sometimes apart of them that are against these things. 
3) They actually do lots of good things for many people and therefor by logic and reasoning why should we abolish them? 
4) with questions like this i tend to make an assumption that you dont like the messages they preach but for that manner why not just ban the communist manifesto or any political manifesto? How about banning the critique or reason or the prince if its not compatible with our since of logic, reason, and rationality? 
5) they are a part of our very culture from the arts to architecture and shape our values consciously or not.  Claps.  

() Haha sound like a strat at Goldman or something The person that invents the KidLeash(tm) would be a billionaire. Hell, it's bad enough chasing a baby around the house once they learn to crawl, but able to walk since birth? Shoot me now, make it quick.

Source: Raised 4 kids. I agree with this guy reddit is a website. Well, didn't study, as with most tests. Guess I'll wing it like usual. The answer is C isn't it?  This is too tame, I played this at my wedding and everyone cried because it was so moving.

Entrails Ripped from a Virgin's Cunt - Cannibal Corpse It was The Jungle Book for me. And I have no idea why. Watched it again about two weeks ago with my girlfriend because she had it on Blu-Ray and so many unsettling feelings crawled over me. Middle-aged men wearing diapers? Nah. Haha, one of my friends in high school put this on the network drive of the school so EVERY computer had it. To ensure it was never deleted, he titled the file RonaldReagan.mp3. Lots of good times playing that in class I like women they way I like my golf scores: Low 60's with a slight handicap.  Dirti*er*, you mean. I recently had a sleep study but haven't got the results yet.  I asked how low by oxygen saturation went and was told it went down to 89% sometimes  when I was in deep sleep.  Is that normal?  


With OAS does the apnea occur only during deep sleep?

When I was a baby my mother told me that I turned blue once when she was holding me.  But apparently I had pneumonia. 
 Better off Ted  Otherkins and Therians. Looks like it's mostly Jaden Smith. Coming from Az I love it. For me, it was the sound and the *feeling* of it being on. Now, I'm not exactly sure HOW I *felt* that a TV or radio was on, I just could. And everytime I told someone, they were like, "Ooookay?". You're not alone, friend. I'd like to fly  I will be your hero....baby.... I can kiss away the pain! I will stand by you forever.... Forced gender reassignment - cattle decapitation. Bitch. Yeah, all that should have happened, the arrests and so forth, but I didn't really picture it getting that bad.  That's pretty incredible, really. When you buy yourself gold it is more convincing to thank a stranger.  Why are skirts a female-oriented article of clothing? I feel like guys would appreciate the breeziness more than we do. we're further in the future now, 100 billion dollars is nothing. See (and I'm sure your area of the country has em) but I can't tell the difference between the real Corals and the false ones. I can't remember the order of the stupid rhyme either. I'm not yellowing before or after red trying tto get anywhere near that mess.  Ive heard 31 days.
I think after a certain point you see positive changes in yourself and so, whether its engrained in your brain or not, you find yourself wanting to continue a nice kitchen sink Smoking/soda/overeating who??

http://i.imgur.com/wcQhCBK.gifv I can't express how pleased I am to get socks. Not only are they useful, but getting them means one less trip to fucking WalMart. Biting fingernails? Thoroughly confused for a sec because I knew I had already read this comment today. I hate this. Extremely hate this. My parents raised me with a set of rules they believed to be the best but also raised me to respect the rule of the land I live in. It is different from state to state and country to country and I am obligated to respect it like the country is respecting me. 

To be blunt, foreigners are too sensitive. Fuck all of them. They want to take your food and shit on your plate. Any time I see someone being an ass to a native here in the US I don't hesitate to tell them off. It's like you piece of shit, you were begging for the grain of salt in your home country. You want to come here, get government aid, food stamps, free schooling, safe communities and you still want to talk shit about America? It's a lot of people from the outside of the country and in European countries, the same things happen. 

Everyone's child is so perfect now. Their child is never wrong. My parents beat the shit out of me if I ever did something wrong. I got a C+ on a paper in high school and was dating a girl I wouldn't leave for them (dating in HS isn't serious), threw me out of the house and said I would sleep on the stairs. They made me walk the line without even wrinkling the path I'm on. I had to be perfect. They always....ALWAYS!!! Sided with my teachers. They forced me to respect authority, my elders. We didn't have all this my fucking kid learned how to write his name look how cute he is bullshit.  

I was expected to graduate high school at the top of my class, not be socially awkward, play sports, go to college and was allowed to choose from engineering, business, or medicine. No history or political science. I was shaped to be someone that stands for something. Not someone that is intimidating by weak statements. I have my own posture, my character, my manners and RESPECT for those around me and where I live. 

Sorry. Went on a rant there but this kind of you need to respect my culture  and equality bullshit gets me fired up.  I'm a huge deathcore and metalcore / hardcore fan and it is completely true that those songs sound like absolute shit through bad speakers. And you're an asshole if you force people to listen to Death Metal, knowing full well that not many people enjoy Death Metal. Annoying to give the fans a bad image like that just to seem edgy.  &gt;Unfortuantely this Saudi Arabian sect (Salafist's or Wahhabi's) is deeply embedded within the Saudi royal family

But its funny, because anyone who believes in their sect would hate them. All of their wealth comes from doing business with infidels, not only infidels but Americans and Europeans. I believe Osama Bin Laden hated the Saudi royal family, even though he was raised in a perversion of Islam that those same Saudis fund.

I don't really understand it. If you want to align yourself with the US and the West, why would you pay to teach your citizens to hate such people.  People are going to be mad start to complain then will move on. I mean, can you see there point of view... Identify with it. Don't worry reddit has the attention span of a goldfish. This time next week we'll be back to bacon flavored cats washed in ice soap.  Dead Like Me To exist Weird...it actually wasn't that funny. Jelly. 

Pics? Preferably, with all of them cuddled together? American pie. I, I.... Had to cover a hole In my back pocket.. Hobbies. I don't think it would be feasible for a 5-on-5 game.  maybe 8-on-8, but less than that and it would be a logistical nightmare for defense. Yeah but why I HATE IT!!! Can confirm as I'm that one who heats almost everybody's secrets at work. My only regret is having boneitis. A Living, Breathing Piece of Defecating Meat -Cattle Decapitation I'd tell some of my coworkers that they're assholes because I'm too much of a coward to do it in person. Such bullshit.  We were banned from playing tackle football for irrelevant shit, too:  some kid got kicked in the back and had to be hospitalized.  I still remember two PE coaches carrying him off on a stretcher.  What that incident had to do with football I do not know. You didn't have anything to contradict what was said here.

Just rattled on about imaginary concerns. Anything hand made that shows the significant amount of time, effort, and love put into it such as a scrapbook, painting, blanket, scarf, etc. I just watch anime. Because I have a lot of negative opinions. Tubthumper by Chumbawumba Canon in D I am good at math and science as well but my parents wants me to be a pharmacist. I actually wanted to be an engineer but even they wouldn't approve of that.  Which love song??? By whom? Ha luckily that's my SO, not screwed at all.    Haha until after (victory coitus) Well to be fair I did upvote your submission for being accurate to the discussion, but that doesn't mean I can disagree with you. :P  Until you live in Phoenix. No one knows how to drive in anything but sunshine. The rain kicks up the sand and everything looks ugly and brown. Phoenix rain even smells gross. * International Players Anthem - UGK &amp; Outkast

* Flashing Lights - Kanye West

* Mr Carter - Lil Wayne Fake to be happy, become happy. She kept asking me questions and I got tired of reflecting when all I wanted to do was watch TV. Trying to find something deep in my head became far too stressful so I worked on finding ways I could avoid her until she realized what was happening and recognized that I wanted to break up. SERIOUSLY PEOPLE STOP FUCKING SPREADING THE WORD! This sub used to be so great before it started popping up in ask reddit threads.

Fucking white people I like this point because it's backed up by facts So very interesting.... So interesting to me, the down-votes on the thread are deeply disheartening. I think a researched, studied answer would shed REAL light on us as human beings.  I appreciate your answers, justifications, and time... Thank you so much.   1) be black  The most humorous thing is that people think they matter... and the most tragic is that they really don't. Having grown up in a country where most tap water will make you grow an extra arm, I always am amazed when I travel to other places and see people just drinking straight from the tap. The tap! It's a glorious sight to behold. 


I can't wait to go to university and drink water from the tap all motherfucking day.  Mondays. It's like, be happy you have a job to go to. Some people are unemployed and would love to wake on a Monday to go to work. It seems so! The "I'm gonna wash that gray right outta my hair" commercials. Also the Pert commercials where they would jump around on the trampoline. No idea why I was fixated on hair care products lol. Most humorous: It's intrinsically worthless 


Most Tragic: It's intrinsically worthless 
 Their narcissism.  It seems so! is this 'Ask a Fucking Stupid Question' Day or something? 



actually - my favourite thing about this post is that you originally posted it 3 days ago and now are STILL seeking an answer. How important is this to you? Why is this is important to you? What in the name of all that is chocolate is going on here?  Former airplane mechanic, I've seen so many planes land in various stages of broke that I have full confidence it takes an act if god for them to fall out of the sky.  Giant boobs. They just look uncomfortable. Way late to this thread, but everybody bitches about sticking the USB into the drive. It's not that fucking hard people. [Friends in low places.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvCgSqPZ4EM) Summer before freshman year of high school, I was dating his friend, and I set him up with mine...well the friends cheated on us with each other.  Fast forward a few weeks and we ended up at a local carnival hanging around another group of mutual friends, he gave me a ride home and we've been together ever since. (minus about 9 months in high school when we split b/c we were dumb kids).  This was 22 years ago, I've been with him more of my life than I've been without him and I wouldn't have it any other way. oh ok, it all makes sense now. 

my answer is yes. Stage One: God is overcome by a desperate need to make, like one REALLY FUCKING AWESOME new continent. He raises some land in the middle of the Pacific, interrupting major shipping lanes between Asia and North America, and goes to town giving it everything he can think of. Sweet-ass mountain ranges, powerful rivers, jungle, desert, even a tundra for some stupid fucking reason. He decides it needs some wildlife, so he brings in all the mandrills from Africa. Every last one of them, because just LOOK at those fuckers.

Stage two: About 45 minutes later He starts coming down a little and realizes this place is pretty much fucking uninhabitable because of the weird weather conditions caused by jamming ever imaginable type of ecosystem into a relatively small landmass. But then He does a couple bumps and remembers that this place is gonna be FUCKING AWESOME. He decides that what this joint really needs is more MOUNTAINS. Because mountains are KICK-ASS. So He wipes out the western half of the continent and replaces it with a seemingly never-ending mountain range. Just hundreds of miles of majestic peaks and confused mandrills wondering what the shit just happened to their jungle habitat.

Stage Three: God pounds a few more lines and re-considers His approach. This continent is just NOT FUCKING AWESOME ENOUGH. He decides that it would be AMAZING if instead of a solid landmass it was, like, a ring of land with water in the middle. Not even a sea, either. This shit would be like AN OCEAN WITHIN AN OCEAN. So He knocks the center out of the continent, drowning the now even-more-confused mandrills. The resulting earthquake triggers tsunamis that capsize hundreds of shipping vessels trying to make their way around this mess of a continent.

Stage Four: God runs out of coke. The comedown hits hard, and He retreats to His room. As He neglected to build His new creation on anything resembling a solid foundation, the new continent sinks rapidly below the waves. The remaining mandrills drown. God wakes up the next morning with a terrible headache, wondering who took all his fucking mandrills. I knew it. Pants are the devil's plaything! I don't know why but i read this post like a song in my head. Like they're lyrics or something The ship wouldn't have sank and we'd just be left with a generic love story and no cruise liner splitting in half.  The chain of metal balls hanging from two strings where you pull one back and let it go and it goes click click click.  
What did you think it was?! I have the same thing, the left side of my jaw sweats after I chew for a while. I had a biopsy on both sides of my neck done when I was 5. I found out later that it is called [Frey's syndrome](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frey%27s_syndrome) I know what the FOIA is.  What does stamping FOIA Exempt on documents accomplish?  That makes it seem like it's not eligible for FOIA requests. You're setting a low bar for jokes. As a followup in your playlist:

Tears for Fears - Everybody Wants to Rule the World Hi there! It looks like you're needing assistance of some sort. AskReddit is for thought-provoking discussion and therefore may not be suitable for what you are looking for.

**Please use one of these subreddits:**

 - Need advice? /r/needadvice or /r/relationship_advice

 - Cant remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue 

 - Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. 

Otherwise if these don't fit your needs, check out the [multireddits in our sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/about/sidebar) which cover almost every topic imaginable, thanks!

If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;subject=Help%20Related%20Post%20Review%20Request&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;message=My%20post%20was%20removed%20for%20being%20help%20related,%20please%20review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2rtw98/serious_how_do_i_stop_witchhunters_people_who/). 


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Origin by EA Muslim here.

Commented on the other front page post but that comment was hijacked by a bigot.

I think everyone in the general Muslim community is offended to some degree when stuff like this is published. It's very simple to understand: just as everyone holds their parents/spouse/kids in high regard and would anything to protect them if they are ridiculed, the same thing applies to Muslims because we regard the Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) to be the greatest person to have ever walked on earth.

He is a central figure in our religion and we are taught to love him more than even our own parents. So yes, I wouldn't expect any Muslim to just shrug it off and say "oh well, freedom of speech" but at the same time, KILLING the cartoonist is unacceptable and at the same time, it's contrary to the teachings of Islam.

Bottom line is, let's all just respect each other. They're just not my cup of tea. Good on them being successful though she was my college lunch lady. i later ran into her at a party passed out on the bathroom floor. her first words to me were "please don't piss on me." Yeah. 

"Hey mind if you put your finger in this your and let me keep the fingerprint? K thx bye.  That would be one hell of a big cape! *they're Doorknobs There you go. Thank /u/lewis492 Start with your hands. this *is* intriguing  BA Sociology; MA in Labor Law; so my career was still-born haha...fuck student loans, I'm leaving for Argentina next year...suckers!! Harris, go eat a Cinnabon.  ummm... will showing cleavage make her sicker or something? what does this mean? Stronger by Kanye West. The song that really made me a huge kanye fan. still think it's one of his best songs Organized religion is very very much like a government, large, oblivious, hypocritical, harming the unpowerful, stupidly procedural in the the face of human need, etc.. 

The is especially true of extremist religions,  fundamentalists of any type, and authoritarian based religions which require total obedience to authority.  TURN DOWN FOR WHAT That's actually a good way to look at it. I have never really though of it as a test for work ethic and character. What I don't like is how much time they give you per question. On both tests, the amount of time you are given is usually 1 min per problem, which to even some of the most intelligent, is a bit fast. Even if you have a good work ethic/discipline, if you can't answer questions fast, you are pretty much screwed Exactly. That's all I see are little bodies running into EVERYTHING! You can also whitelist channels that you want to support if you are using adblock. I've got it too but less attacks recently Hahaha, that's for sure.  I wouldn't really call it an attempt at becoming popular. But more of a test of my popularity, a few of my friends and I starting drinking out of sippy cups my Jr. year of high school to see if it would catch on. The experiment seems to work, it caught on really well with the sophomore class. And fairly well with my class My very pregnant wife. I live. The other guy... Not so lucky.  I'm a disliker of small talk. It's not that we'd prefer that every conversation be meaningful; it's simply that if the conversation isn't meaningful, then it doesn't really need to happen. Have you seen the movie An officer and a gentlemen? 

That movie was nothing but truth! It's cool. Just be sure to add "need Jesus." That makes it okay! I kept telling myself I didn't care when I really cared a lot.  Now I don't care anymore and people who care about stuff too much annoy me. Same. They should make tight jeans for guys, with a sack tailored specially for your cock and balls to rest in. *That* would be legit.  I love this song.... thank you.  I feel like maybe your gift is your song... choice of love song? &gt; It is suspected that the marriage was done as a way to strengthen political alliances.

Correct. Aisha was Quraish I guess that makes sense if you have a tilted uterus or something like that. I have a smaller frame and so I show early and feel movement pretty early too. Every pregnancy really is different. :) no, i mean what's gonna happen to Hebdo. i'm pretty sure there's gonna be a second attack. Yes. It is good advice, here is why:

Confidence changes you, and changes others perceptions of you. Next time you're walking in public, try to keep your head high. Puff your chest out. Exaggerate your walk a little. Intentionally move your hips and shoulders offset so that your body motion is larger. Intentionally step further than you normally do. You may notice that this makes you *feel* different. Larger. A bit more powerful. You have in essence, faked doing something and tricked your brain into believing it.

When it comes to social situations, it is a good idea to fake confidence. Not arrogance, mind you. This helps fight the natural tendency to be bogged down in self doubt. It makes you a more interesting person. It makes you more likely to smile. It makes you more likely to *believe you can achieve something* and therefore more *able to achieve*. 

So fake it. Fake it all day. Tell yourself you are *already amazing and perfect and can do anything god damn it.* Eventually it won't be a lie. Congrats, you're that confident guy/gal that everyone looks up to. Make ending gerrymandering top priority. 

 Winter is a bitch.  &gt;
It was lovely and I hope to do it again soon. I don't know why people don't do it more. 


Swap a v for an n and there's your answer. Choosing to go alone when you know you have friends, that's nice... MOISTURIZE ME American Woman - Lenny Kravitz

Blurred Lines - Robin Thicke

Take Me to Church - Hozier and another - cover by DJ Mike D remix

Talk Dirty to Me - Jason Derulo

Chicken Fried - Zac Brown

 On my side. I've never been able to sleep on my back or stomach. Wonder if there's some sort of science behind why different people sleep on their backs vs their sides or on their stomachs. And? 
 I laughed waaay too hard at that image! I wash from head to toe 2) profit why do you live in a closet? One of my friends does that A LOT. When I show him a song, he'll one up me, and say his is better. It happens a lot, and I'm sick of it.  My girlfriend sleep like this. 
Slightly on stomach, halfway on a body pillow, top leg bent. One arm under the head pillow, other arm at a 45 degree angle connecting fist to forehead. She also has a "hand pillow". 

Every. Single. Night.  Bloodhound Gang - Three Point One Four

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aRPtDBEtCYE&amp;t=0m20s Truth can be hurtful, embarrassing, and unnecessary. I just got a Boom and it's so awesome. Everytime's not bad either.  Pretty simple really. The iguana slipped under my bedroom door, something I wasn't aware was even possible. We lived in a railroad apartment, and he just crawled on into my roommate's room, scaring him during the act, and causing an unfortunate overreaction. My poor iguana, now terrified, ran back into my room, and since lizards can't really differentiate between humans we were all scary and dangerous to him at that point, and so when I went to greet him upon arriving home he jumped on my face and clawed me up quite a bit. My roommate had not informed me of what had happened while I was at work, and didn't until the next day, so I walked in without knowledge that I should be careful. The Eragon movie Yeah it's seriously just how well you can play the game. It's about practice, practice, practice. And if you have the money to afford SAT/ACT classes, you'll be ahead of the game. Taking classes was a norm at my high school, but those classes cost around $2000, totally not within my parents price range. While classes aren't necessary, they force you to practice, and a lot of my friends scored perfectly or close to perfect as a result. I met my girlfriend through a mutual friend we had, at a Super Bowl party (Green Bay vs Steelers), I was the only Packer's fan in the house because I am from WI. 

We started hanging out more after that and really kicked it off when I hadn't seen Fireworks during the 4th of July weekend so I decided to go see them with her. We have been together for a little over 3 and a half years now. :)  If you have neck tattoos it's going to take quite a bit for me to take you seriously.  Scotty Vanity - Who does your hair? I aspire to be that woman MISSAWORWIDE is how I believe it is pronounced Only 3 wisdom teeth in my entire cranium. We're abnormality twinsies. I dunno, I bring the muscle, what do you show up to the party with? Go back to your subterranean lair dude. You failed to be an angel. You'll fail to have mercy. Cold weather. I would WAY rather deal with dry cold than hot, humid, sticky 90+ degree weather. And why's that? I think it's easy to spew out stuff like this without thinking it through. It would clearly be for the better good at the end. My left earlobe is misshapen  and appears as if there is a chunk missing "I'm not the first person he's kidnapped" Clouds You can still avert your eyes, or close them.

A better equivalent would be stinky food.

Which reminds me, I was taking a C++ class, and one of my classmates always brought in food. An important bit is his name: Rex (like the dog name).

He brought in this snack that smelled, I kid you not, exactly like dog food. And it violated the noses of everyone in the room.

No way to simply "stop breathing". I guess you could be a mouth-breather, but you still get a bit of smell. to take over the world, not the internet.
 What are your irrigation techniques?  
 Blue Mountain State Definitely more liberal.  You might find your pockets of conservatism here and there, but over all I'd say the populous tends to be more left leaning here. To be fair, he's not talking to the boy, he's talking to the girl. For all you know, he may well have said the exact opposite if he were communicating with the boy. how can our life be real when HE haven't come?

Then, people will start questioning who is He? or is HE acronym for something else? What happen when "HE" come, why is the H in first word not capitalised, etc. thank mr skeltal Futurama. there are so many jokes, and the characters are pretty easy to figure out. People misunderstand this song so much.  He's talking about da struggle...  when you don't even got a roof cuz the man took it from you to oppress you, when it's raining inside your room because you don't got no roof, you clap your hands while you're shivering so you don't get hypothermia. I'm not that guy, but if I was I'd play I just don't give a fuck by Eminem. It is pretty much everything you can expect from 1999 Em, rude, offensive and vulgar. Plus the chorus lets you know why I am playing it in public. Bullshit 3) riot? Drawing, and writing poetry when I'm feeling creative. "Robert" shoved a baby carrot up his dick hole What is the point people realize it? After losing 50? 100? 500 dollars? My step sister locks her laundry hamper, so it is hard to steal her underwear. That's pretty sweet. Thank you for linking that! Answer is probably MD  All Night Longer by Sammy Adams. 
Any song that begins with a frat boy drawling "IN VEGAS YEAH I DRINK JAEGER" is a douchewarning Nawwwww HR is Home Room son.  I mostly drink tap water. It was so common in the family I stayed with for a few weeks while in the UK that I just continued doing it at home. I also started to dislike sparkling water, so tap water is much better. We have our own well and it never tastes chlorinated. No idea why some people are so picky about their water. I've had bottled water that tasted worse than my tap water.  I should add too (because my dad never told me) shave with the grain first and against the grain next. Your shave will come out MUCH closer and smoother. They did that with Leisure Suit Larry 6.  There was no five because the story  "ended" in four.  The designed couldn't be asked to write that much, so he just skipped a game.   My SO wants to buy a giant foam finger - I mean, huge, like one that 5 people can fit in.  That the kind of thing you're looking for? :) Never heard of it and now am incredibly intrigued. Yes

......

You've been a Redditor for 4 years? SJWs The faster emergency services are called, the better. Mike Tyson Mysteries.

Rick and Morty.

China, Il. I'm a database administrator specializing in EMR databases and the OS's they run on.  Got here 50% by luck, 25% knowing and making a good impression on the right people, and 25% with hard work.  It is my dream job though and there is very little in would trade it for. But how else will I know how magnets work?  Gender.  We have lots of inbred sexist assumptions. I'm the opposite with wisdom teeth.  I have none.  Neither does my dad, my orthodontist made a big deal about it when he found out. Apparently its pretty uncommon. dude, where do you get those? i always wanted one I call those cheap-hotel pants.

Because there's no ballroom. Because reposting only works once every 1-3+ months Cluster headache There's probably an app for that. Visa card or take me to lunch Yep! We bought a xbox one for it as soon as we could afford it, since it was a good deal cheaper at gamestop with an assassin's creed deal. KH3 is the only reason I _had_ to get one. And? You're a shit best friend, regardless if you guys had sex or not.  But he will be dead after the second line. I am PCMR, but I think people who prefer to play on consoles can play consoles, an people who play PC can play PC. It's when people start fighting about superiority of graphics and power etc. etc. it all goes sour.  Lighten up ya dickheads! It's only videogames! I got diagnosed with PCOS after a few years of this nonsense. Not super awesome. Are you trying to seduce me? Also, it totally does for me, but I'm one person and I have a good nose.  Glad I didn't have to scroll far to find this, because I need all the free time I can get to make more crackpot fan theories. JAQEN = TOMMEN GET AT ME What does that have to do with the year you were born? Or generations in general? Were you replying to someone else's post? 

Anyway, I wasn't talking about race, and I'm not interested in talking about penises with you (at least, not until you've bought me dinner and cleared it with my wife first).   Wow really? Any source? I'd like to read up on that if you have a specific link in mind. How to save money  I've always wondered this. Like, why is one position comfy to you, but not me?  i fucked my friends little sister at my friends birthday. the little sister is now my girlfriend Masturbate swimming I'm not exactly sure what a man-bun is? Definitely happens to the captain jack sparrows. I've never heard anyone oppose eating alone. a hymn? The amount of dethklok suggestions in here gives me hope for humanity It's raining men Yup. Leaving a $1 is kind of a "fuck you" to whoever is running the table. Sometimes they deserve it.  Better than the same vague questions that always get asked!  
Yesterday was really repetitive.  

Edit: Most days are. Why, Where, What. - King Fantastic
[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoBvK1Y7rFQ) Would learning multiple languages (6+) and being perfectly fluent count? If so, I would enjoy that.  *suuuurreee* you're allergic to pants. He struggles to afford one. Two is a little out of his price range..... I met one of my exes but in the opposite way. He was the manager and I was a regular. We're still good friends and I still shop there. Sorry you don't get a sympathy rub on the back for your "rough go of things" after you decided to ram your dick in someone's pussy other than your wife's. 

Idgaf what you think of me.  I Totally Owned That Handicapped Kid In DDR - Baseball Bat Abortion Over every thread ? may'be "Rek't" just because of the exposure, you're bound to hit a few good ones. "Ayy lmao" is too likely to be downvoted, not worth the risk.  my music professor was in madonna's video isla bonita. She grined all over him. He also did the song for Once Upon a Time in Mexico, I believe it is the song Antonio Banderas goes all haywire when on killing spree.  Oh look, you're reddit personified.  No, they're not absolutely right. /u/KatAttack12 didn't say anything about being "anatomically correct", they said "anatomically female", which I think most people would agree a vagina and breasts qualifies you to be. 

If you think someone who has a vagina, breasts, but no uterus, ovaries, or cervix is NOT anatomically female, then congratulations on spitting in the face of every woman to undergo a complete hysterectomy. a threesome with mila kunis and summer glau  Aren't all rappers self proclaimed? I wouldn't like it if someone walked up to me in the street and proclaimed me a rapper. With Asking Alexandria, I feel like they're so generic due to the Seinfeld effect. AA sounds generic because a lot of modern bands took what they started and ran with it. Their influence can definitely be heard in a lot of bands. For instance, I was in a band not too long ago with some guys that *worshiped* AA. I had never listened to them, Periphery and Meshuggah were more my thing. Wanting to be a better fit for the style, I gave AA a listen. Sure enough, exact same sound down to the breakdowns. Humorous: we all fart
Tragic: sometimes the farts smell really awful Shrooms. Were you apart of the shooter in the hospital episode? I'd say the romantic expression can vary some, but no gender specifically.   And me! Yes. In fact more cleavage she shows, the faster she'll get better.  Dont know if everyone gets mad at this but I have a buddy who will drive 3 miles out the way to save $0.04/gallon  on gas. We will waste 15 min and save a whopping $0.65. Your dick got struck by lightning? What? Do an AMA! Having no comment karma Buy a god damn castle in Europe somewhere. Would be gorgeous.  Drawing and cooking. I am excluding stuff that is neccesary for survival. For example, keeping insulin from a diabetic, or keping copaxone from a guy with MS, just because you had it first and wanted to trade for it, in my eyes, legalizes murder. 

1. Mariuanna, because you can grow it anywhere, it is renewable, and it gives you something to do. 

2. all the opiates that you can get. While I consider things like astmah inhalers or neccesary for survival shit out of the question, because I do not want to get into trouble, opiates are pretty much free range. Fuck the addicts, either they have the willpower to kick the habit, or not. 

3. In descending order: 
- food supplements. You know those, all essential vitamins, acids and shit in 1 capsule / day? You would be amazed how long you can make it with just those and water
- allergy pills, and all forms of anti histamines. 
- penicillins.  The jerk store called! They're running out of YOU!  Do you sell propane? It did look good until we saw who baked it. Barbra Streisand  [93% of American drivers and 69% of Swedish drivers put themselves in the top 50%.](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0001691881900056) Now only one hour to go. I'm not that good at physics yet, but if you look up how bosons are exchanged, it might make more sense. This right here is why you hire a lawyer.  There are tax reasons for not wanting to give your brother a house and all that money at once.  And how you eventually structure the transfer will depend on all kinds of things.  A good estate planning lawyer will help you to sort that out. 

And investing in your buddy's startup is all well and good up to a point, but you don't want to get into a situation where your throwing good money after bad to try and save something that's sinking.  Put aside a set amount, and only hat amount, and make sure that that amount is a tiny, tiny fraction of your overall investment strategy.  You need to be prepared to say no at some point. Insult their mothers. That's why OP's mother is so lovely. I would make the most horrible feast ever. There would be a bonfire. I would cook a whole cow, stuffed with a pig, stuffed with a goat, stuffed with a goose, stuffed with a chicken, stuffed with a cornish hen, and in the middle would be a golden egg. Whomever finds the golden egg gets to keep it, and I would pay off one of their debts (within reason, of course) I once tried to start a food fight by throwing a carton of milk across the cafeteria.  Needless to say, no food fight happened and i got a 3 day suspension. Good old double stream is this a rel hand? ps im drunk This is my middle school/high school sweetheart's song.  Fart.

Farts are jazz to assholes. I could live with some amount of vanilla porn. But what scares me is the dark disgusting and vile shit that I've accumulated  Whaaaaaaaaaaaat "I'm Too Sexy" by Right Said Fred. But I don't have a PS3 :( The [Pope Song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHRDfut2Vx0) Robbing a Bank and getting away with it. I never own the boat I just find the right boat for you- if I owned them all id be the Oprah of Boat giving Suddenly, ridiculously tall Bantu tribesmen will be hot commodity. Kill everybody they would ever encounter and replace them with an actor that tortures them in as many forms as possible. When they have enough and attempt suicide, force them to watch highlight footage of you slowly doing the exact same thing to the people they held most dear, ending in each of their permitted suicides. Then slowly torture them to the brink of death, allow them to heal enough to not die of wounds, then leave them helpless to die of starvation (have a hydration drip so it's longer). Seconds before their last seconds of conscious life, return and beat them to death with the head of the person they loved the most and their most treasured possession.  
  
Edit: I may not be mentally healthy. Of course. How many people have honestly *never* thought about cheating on a partner? The point is to resist those urges. For someone to completely identify with it they would have also had to have cheated on their spouse, so by that logic you can't identify with it either. I've listened to all of Ground Dweller and a couple songs off of their newer album. I really need to sit down and listen to it all the way through though.  independence from Britain its called the American Revolution. yea it feels like I can watvh repeats of this show more than any almost any other show She must have just expensed the cost of wifi in her high-end hotel room to her business credit card. How people diss the wii u. It's expensive because of all of the new technology involved in the game pad and other things, and some people just blindly hate it!
 So i dont get a ticket for driving while on my cell phone.  So long as it not on my ear is not illegal.    someone who goes out of their way to impress me when we first meet. It's even worse when they lie a lot to impress me. You do you.  "I should hope so. I'd be rather upset if I found I'd been using the wrong brain all this time!" APE TITS FOR $400! Like I Do by Witt Lowry Now you tell me.
 No joke. The pnw climate makes me suicidal. The culture, people and politics here make me put up with it, though. :/ Shit... 21 hours of induced labor and another 7 of active labor, 3 without a epidural. Worst pain I've ever felt. During induced labor you don't have regular contractions, that are like 3 minutrs apart and get closer together. It's like one long contraction with changing intensity.

The worst part was looking at my vagina afterwards. It was like a fucking cave, a partially collapsed and very bloody cave with a zipper. I got ripped pretty bad and needed stitches. I was terrified to poop. Because people are tired of the status quo, the same old same old? I was gonna say "clowns."

This covers it. The toilet paper situation. Everyone's debating over whether it goes under or over, and they're so damn passionate...I'm just happy if I can clean myself without getting some Hershey's on my fingers Enjoyed the fact that jt is summer here and you guys are in winter  I am really looking forward to Tom Clancy's The Division as well as Rainbow Six Siege, both look fun and sick as all hell! Dude, if your friend unwrapped one of those in a frame, you'd be the hit of the fucking party! You wanna like it more? Cat and she's like a child to me. Relevant username.   It's like an on/off button!! :D Cooking IN-N-OUT Burger Honey that's dripping from one of [these stupid honey dippers](http://images.elephantjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/honey.jpg). Seriously, what's the point of this stupid instrument? Cant afford it and no motivation You mean running from the cops, right?  Convince them they're worthless. In that case, explain your argument.  /u/rumckle presented his argument, you can't just say that it's wrong without rebutting it. why would you want her underwear? Dyed my hair black and tried to spike it. I'm female, natural dirty blonde, with curls. Oh and JNCO jeans. Ugh. I cringe.  i went on the loudspeaker at school and announced i was gay even though i wasn't. i got super popular, but everyone thought i was gay. tl;dr Nerd + smoke weed &gt; have sex &gt; smoke more weed &gt; somehow graduate = " Dumb Stoner " with a 3.5 college gpa... I love denial. I think I'll enjoy that sub Um...why wouldn't it be?  Sometimes you get dressed and then you develop food poisoning.  The two things do not have a correlation. Sit around wishing I could blow all of the kazoos at the same time. :( 300 freaking stole my answer :P Telling someone they'll change their mind isn't necessarily a wrong prediction, sure, people sometimes change their mind. You still shouldn't say it if someone tells you they are set on not having children. Not solely  for the fact they've already heard it almost every time they mention the topic.

 I assure you there are people who had children without previous consideration and regretted their choice, and wouldn't do it again if they could. It's just that's not something that's really acceptable to say. So, unless you tell people who wanna have children some day they'll change their minds, don't tell people who don't the same thing.  /r/dogfort Pop rock: Nickleback - Rockstar 

Country: Nickleback - Rockstar 

Rap: Nickleback - Rockstar 

R&amp;B : Nickleback - Rockstar 

J-pop: Nickleback - Rockstar 

Bluegrass: Nickleback - Rockstar 

WTF : Who Let The Dogs Out
 Vinegar is a great deodorant.  It kills the bacteria that cause body odors, and you don't smell  like salad. Ralph Tresvant's 'Yo Baby Yo'. Even as a kid I couldn't stand that, and I about adored everything New Edition. It was a blight on the amazing soundtrack is appeared on, and is a blight on early-90's R&amp;B/New Jack Swing in general. such is life If always liked the concept of the watch from Clockstoppers. Being able to almost freeze time. I'm down to teleport too. Thay is catchy as fuck and I did the same thing even though I don't remember ever listening to this song Lazy motherfuckers who ride on others' coattails. Do your fucking job, Brandon!  I honestly don't know. I do know there are a sharia zones in France, and there are reports of defector zones there, if not legally established ones.

My only concern is to be vigilant and work to prevent anything like this from occurring in my city,, 8th largest in the US. That seems weird though, if other people are eating why shouldn't the baby? Some baby formulas smell awful. The one my oldest had to use (dairy and soy free) smelled so nasty I could barely feed her without gagging.  This so much.  I know too many talented guys who started by buying the line about "playing for exposure."  Years later they've slotted themselves as the type of person or group that does that and basically can't get decent paying gigs.  And now they are also crowded with all the other starry-eyed HS and college age kids who just feel like the establishments are doing *them* favor for *allowing* them to play there.  

 Surface.  So the climate is changing and giant seemingly invincible sea creatures are randomly appearing. I remember a time for about 3 months when my friend from down the road came over every afternoon after school to play cod 4. Moving house from that place was a sad day, still miss the amount of time we spent together 5-6 years down the track. Licking envelopes. I cringed just thinking about it. I had a 'friend' that did this it was always shitty, angry rock that teenagers listen to when they go through their angst phase. 

I wanted to smack him.  This is correct, bathroom doors are usually pretty flimsy. I currently work out of Pasco. Small world man. Absolutely ridiculous purchase...  Three house all next to each other.  One for my family and one for our best friends.  The house between us would be the "party house."  Media room, professional kitchen, outdoor living space with a pool, husbands music space, my office, etc....  And a maid to clean it once a week.   4chan isn't necessarily conservative. It's more libertarian, people exercising the ability to be free and not giving a shit about anything else. There could be the argument made that 4chan-ers are less tolerant of homosexuals or other people that a lot of conservative people find repulsive, but they're equally as deviant when it comes to other lifestyle decisions, putting them in no-man's-land when it comes to the political spectrum of left-right dynamics. You are obviously intelligent, but there are so many problems with this that I can only read so much. I guess my biggest gripe is given any social group, leaders will always surface and begin to influence followers, directly or indirectly . Once it's clear to the leader that certain things benefit him/her or their group over another group, they will seek to influence their followers to do said thing. Spot on! As a former lifeguard at a local quarry, we used to do the same recovery drill at our in-services that is terrifying but glad your aquatics director was paying attention You put sand in my fap cream :3 That wasn't helpful at all! (      ) ABR is my shit  the olsen twins, and a private beach I miss home.  Me too I just spit out a chunk of pop tart. All these normal responses and than this lol. Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons: 

* [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You may not have a story in your title. You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title.Questions about you or your specific personal situation are not appropriate for Askreddit. Additionally, any answers to the question, including your own, should go in the comments as a reply to your own post.

* [Rule 2:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-) Questions about you or your specific personal situation are not appropriate for Askreddit. Try /r/Self, /r/Advice, or /r/NeedAdvice. If you have questions regarding reddit try /r/help.

If you have any queries or concerns, please feel free to [message the mods.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) Thank you.


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Which sex? My urine routinely smells like buttered popcorn.  ticket to Europe.  LMAO you win Superbad Shout out to Miami! 1900-1979

I just feel like I would've thrived more in that era.  Also all the awesome wars and tons of people dying being so close to when I was born.  There should be more wars with people dying by the thousands.  There are too many people and killing each other is the only thing we're good at anyway. I doubt it security is going to be beefed up like crazy the French intelligence will be all over this. But will just have to wait and see. Whenever I pay for something for someone, I consider it a gift. If I needed that money so badly, I wouldn't have spent it to begin with. And the likelihood is that they will end up paying for me at some point in our relationship anyway.  Others are so common. I don't understand why you care about what people are upvoting enough to ask a question about it but I'll upvote you so you wonder why I did it! Latinite is the Mega Stone  You have a cochlear implant. How is that natural? You also said that you're legally blind. In nature you would have died a looong time ago. If you can't see or hear, you're dead. Simple. YOU are un-natural. Animals have gay sex all of the time. Over  *400*  species of animals have gay sex. Homosexuality is not un-natural. YOU are un-natural. Very true and an excellent  point. Homeless aunts can be attractive to their nephews  Ugh.. your pain is felt. I've been through a few hiring processes and it's been entirely convoluted. I am almost 20 yet am still a virgin and have never had a girlfriend or my first kiss yet. I have no friends currently. I lost contact with all my friends ever since we all graduated high school. I have trouble making new friends and maintaining contact with them. I am also struggling with my college classes and I am not sure if I enjoy my major. I also don't know what else to do with my life. I don't know if my life will ever get better or if I am just stuck in this state of loneliness and depression for the rest of my life. I would have to say that the most humorous thing is that people always beg for change to happen, and then following this, the most tragic thing is that nobody steps up to be the change they want. Yeahhh! I can't believe someone else said this, I was just going to respond and say the same thing.  &gt; I love my friends who give me sweet sweet caffeine every morning.


which is why I adore my new coffee making magician majigger machine; WITH TIMER



ah ah HAHAHAHHA LMAO i was just messin around.  but the first one is like a kitty cat face, the second one is a goofy buck toothed face which has it's own charm i guess, and the third one is tears of laughter with a big smile. Comedians doing the Darwin Awards. NO SHIRT FOR YOU! Why would you have 2 lighters in your pockets? I can burn a body or a building perfectly with just a couple of matches... After a nasty soccer incident, I had an [AC tightrope procedure](http://www.arthrex.com/resources/animation/sjjkL_kEEeCRTQBQVoRHOw/ac-tightrope) done. All that was bad enough, but in day 2 of recovery when all I had was mild endone, it was like my shoulder was literally in fire. But that's not the worst of it...I was propped up with pillows on the couch watching a movie when i dozed off. I fell down to my left and landed bang on the shoulder right on the arm of the couch, which was a pretty streamlined 'not very padded' wooden arm. That waking second of explosive agony when I had no idea what happened was almost beyond physical pain. I cried out involuntarily and it sounded like a little girl (I am a grown man) and to this day the memory of that moment causes me to cringe... ARM is more similar to MIPS than x86 Cool. For a lot of uneducated people, never.  It's just too painful for me. Just super. Now you have morning-and-egg mouth. Gross. Because you had pooped most of yourself out? The new patch to Starbound!  So much more content! What did socialists do to you? YES! I learned all about that when I was at the dentist. My hygienist had my mouth cranked open so I couldn't even speak, and she starts rambling about her child birth.

"Yeah I actually pooped on the table, in front of everyone! Before I knew it the nurses came in and whisked it away, it was great!". Glad the story had a fairy tale ending.  No one can beat our glorious leader.  It's all part of the master plan.  My school also made it a requirement. The thing is, people graduated and *still* say they never learned it because they weren't paying attention in class.  "Magic Moments" by Perry Como SUCKS. I love big band swing with smooth croony or even whimsical singing, "but Magic Moments" is like It's a Small World crossed with Pleasantville Reminds me of Better Off Dead. 5'x3' Streetlight Manifesto flag. Niche you say?/r/fatpeoplewithswords My love story :)  Or maybe you're just imagining the marriage to. jk

Glad to see you two happy! I'm glad I'm not the only person who immediately thought this. This website never fails to make me laugh they're unique When someone talks about something gross while we're eating, someone always makes a big deal out of it and says the cliche "I've lost my appetite". really bitch, you were hungry literally 10 seconds ago and now you're not? How the fuck hasn't anyone said Banquet by Bloc Party If you don't mind me asking are you ever worried about there being concerns financially or in a medical emergency with her being married and him having the final say so? Clued out deaf old geezers are doing this at Starbucks.  They crank up the volume on their laptops/tablets without a care in the world and they sit there cackling in enjoyment.  I'm not that young either but I use my headphones.  This lack of manners from these old douchebags makes me want to grab their saggy old balls and give them a hard squeeze, that or knock their tablets to the ground. I would love getting endless college hook ups.. http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/belief/2012/sep/17/muhammad-aisha-truth Female midget cream corn wrestling.  you ever seen the "Did you fuck with it" flow chart?http://plaza.ufl.edu/johnaris/PDFs/ProblemSolvingFlowChart.pdf This is every single black person at my college I hope they do something soon for you, too. It sucks waiting and not knowing. I have a severe case of Blount's disease, tried correcting 3 times when i was a child but it didn't work out well.  I dunno, I *really* despise toothpaste and Orange juice. Just to keep up the impression that gold actually means something.  Definitely early to mid 90s White people don't know about Robin Thicke's first album. I actually hired midgets to hug my legs for me. Much more practical!  That's awesome! I've seen them 5 times, and it was over the span of a year. Have a bunch of tattoos, and shit.  $1?

Isn't 2 traditional for this? Hey bby, I stubbed my toe on the bed this morning. My little toe. My goal when I'm being served by anyone is to try and make their day a little better. It's those kinds of customers that kept me going when I worked in food service and retail and I love being able to do that for other people.  Green day boulevard of broken dreams, Gwen Stefani Holla back girl uhmm, Avril Lavigne complicated, Sean Paul ft. Beyonce baby boy I think people who say they aren't fat get a lot of gold. I know another person who said that he is not fat and BAM!!!!   GOLD!!! I love when people get way too into shit talking sports players. "So-n-So is SUCH a bad QB. Fucker can barely throw to his recievers and got sacked so many times. What a loser." 

You realize he's a professional football player that has enough skill to make a career out of it and you are the loser that watches him, right? Or he could be tied for second. It's the little things, you know. *It ain't easy Being White*- GOB Bluth I'm honest with people who want me to be. Most don't. Could you describe the sound? I'm not trying to make you relive the moment but I just can't imagine it. That's easy. "WHEN DOES THE NARWHAL BACON??!?!?" The same people who code automatic image uploading. Because of reasons.  Give one to 482 other people and run around the city pretending to be a swarm of bees.  Probably won't be out in 2015.  Carnies Circus folk. Nomads, you know. Small hands... smell like cabbage. Burning plastic is the sort of whiff a true gentleman prefers. simplistic, organized, warm, confused where I keep my axe (wood chopping, not 8th grader with no game).
 Be careful you might hurt your neck.... Community college.  Cheaper education and you can figure out what you want. I hear ya on that one. Two years in the Peace Corps did that to me.  Someone who likes to complain about situations but never does anything to help themselves.

Them: *I'm scared I won't get accepted into college*

Me: Have you applied yet?

Them: *No. I'm scared of being rejected.*

Me: **Slits throat with protractor** One of my friends has spent 8000+ on practicing for the SAT. It not that she isn't intelligent (She is the validictorian for my grade with a 4.73 GPA), but rather she is an accurate, but slow worker. That one is great.

 Lol getting downvoted for stating facts that include the existence of anti gay sentiments. Holy shit the agenda is real. According to Suits it is literally the most important job after senior partner.  IMO tailor each resume to the current Job you are looking for.  So stoked to play as rich homie Quan Chi. Yes.  Trolling people around town. What else would you ever use a throwaway for? Lol My friend cancelled a date with me...for like the seventh time in a row  Sounds like you need some good ol' Texas Blue Bell in your life man. Blue Bell will never let you down. We got partnered together in Biology class Sophomore year of high school for some in class project. He drew an intricate drawing of a Batman penis on a piece of lined paper while I worked on the project. 
I don't remember the project, but his shenanigans weren't bothering me, I just thought they were funny.
Been together for five years! I feel you. I added a girl I liked on instagram and she already have a boyfriend.  Selfies. What's the hype about? I don't get it. Me too!! There are multiples of us! Hello! Super late... but I only complain when an emergency arises. I scurry to the room of relief and prepare for drop off while spinning to sit down. It is awful to be struck by fear as you feel yourself plunging in towards toilet water when other issues have come to light. Guys have the benefit of facing the seat for numero uno.  Snarky Puppy.  He totally did it too. I came here to make fun of you from his post on cringe, but holy shit, looking through your history, and like only a little bit of it, you might be the biggest loser I've ever seen on reddit, and now I feel too bad for you to make fun of you. You're literally friendless, and a loser, and I know you'll make a post telling me about how many friends you have, and you have a lot of money, and all this stuff, but we'll both know it's lies, and we'll both know just how down you feel in real life, and how being an insane weirdo on reddit where you make fun of people's children, and go off randomly doesn't even come close to making you happy like it used to, but you still do it anyways. I hope to God you're not over twenty, but I have a feeling you are, and that depresses me even more. This is one thing I have to disagree on, I just ran through some posts on there, and many of the artists did seem delusional and I actually feel bad for the "artists" wasting their own time. Sure do what you love, but if you're as bad as what I just saw you obviously don't love what you're doing well enough to execute it well.  taken. Pretty comforting to read through some of these. Gave me a good laugh and helped me stop worrying so much. I haven't found a video online yet, but when I was a stupid 19 year old guy, I had "webcam sex" with a women I had known online for quite some time. Good friend of mine. Both our faces were in it. After, I asked whether she was ever worried if people would record her and post it online. At which point, she told me she recorded all her encounters as a counter measure. I guess it makes sense but after that she realized I probably hadn't recorded it. I asked her to delete it and she apologized and said she did. I'm 23 now, and haven't kept in touch with her. I've considered reaching back out to her just for some closure to ask again and make sure she deleted, but not sure if it's a good idea. Hope I never see it online..but if it does end up online, hopefully it's ten years from now and it won't be as easy to recognize me :) I tore my hamstring. Happened three years ago and it still feels like it tears a bit when I run.  I've never made one Sleeping with sirens, Of mice and men, Upon a burning body, August burns red, I see stars, etc... You get the idea. Same for me... It sucks. I allowed him to use me as a crutch. I put myself in his family affairs and tried to fix everything. In turn, I stressed myself out worrying about him, his feelings and fears, and his family. It got to the point that I dreaded hanging out with him. 

Going to his house went from being something I enjoyed doing to something I made excuses for. I would go over only to see his dog and bring supplies for her, because they couldn't afford them. 

They moved and the problems persisted and I realized that the days I didn't talk to him, I didn't feel like shit.  I keep them under my pillow to help me sleep. Stalin, Lenin- they ruined the public view of the beautiful thing that Marxism is.  I usually go with Lance Vernon. Rift. A fun way to make the time fly by. I just need to start focusing on one character instead of trying to lvl 2-3 at once.  Rift. A fun way to make the time fly by. I just need to start focusing on one character instead of trying to lvl 2-3 at once.  About 4 months ago I slipped a lumbar complety out of place moving furniture. The pain was so intense I got to my bed as quick as possible and played down and even that was excruciating. I even peed myself in my bed because when i went to the bathroom the first time i almost passed out while standing with crutches at the toilet. No exageration this was the single most physically exhausting thing i have ever done as i was standing i broke out into cold sweats got severely nausious and my vision started fadinf and i lost all hearing i legitimatly thought i was dying I barley managed to get back in bed begore i blacked out.I was like that for hours before my mom got home to apply ice packs and pillows for lumbar support. The next day I was basicly carried into my dad's chiropractor for xrays and treatment.  The chiropractors call it an "adjustment" what it is is manhandling all of the vertebrae in your spine back into place. After about 3 months of treatment and physical therapy I was mostly over it but I still have lingering chronic pain that will probably stick with me for years The Expendables  Sleep mode activated How'd you know I'm black? Hot damn! You too? Tutu Bene The Expendables  You mean 'Got to give it up' by Marvin Gaye Oh wow, so you've been in the hospital quite a lot, even for a minor case like that!And yeah, I'll check it out  Do you moderate it or something? **Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.

If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods! 

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I'm going to guess something about that bass. that bass. that bass.  Online. Blut Aus Nord - Memoria Vetusta III - Saturnian Poetry

Crowbar - Symmetry in Black

 If you ask me, the devil needs some pants. Ya ya ya, I am Lorde. Yeah, it would be way much more serious because it's food instead of a disease. [The Gate](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOX6-Rw5PWc).

Yes, it is a cheesy 80's horror flick, pre-cgi, poor acting and barely any blood. But it did have stop motion demons, an eyeball in the palm and floor sperm. Ayy lmfao He enjoys replacing transmissions on the side This could be a television show...think of all the crazy scenarios. All of them. I used to be with it, but then they changed what "it" was. Now what I'm with isn't "it" and what's "it" seems weird and scary to me. It'll happen to yooouuu! Grab the lid of toilet tank, attempt to bash invader's head in.

I actually did the first step once, but it turned out that there wasn't an invader, I was just being paranoid about normal household noises. Oh god. My phone auto corrected. I foxed it so you can re-read it. An ex of mine was playing touch football when he was 10, and collided with another kid's head in a misjudged grab for the ball, was knocked unconscious, and woke up unable to hear anything. Regained 10% hearing in only one of his ears. He has a genetic condition that apparently makes those specific bones prone to shattering, which they discovered only after the accident.  Sweet yellow or white corn on the cob. It doesn't need butter and salt; it's delicious just steamed or grilled! People really do that? I mean, you could always say "Must have missed that, can you show it to me?" or something like that. Not awkward at all, no one sees every post on Facebook.  Pea.... Tear... Gryphon  I play classic Vidya game music Megaman kirby donkey kong country anyone who is disssing on my music can kiss my ass. For real. Look at porn on your phone. Work computers are all monitored. I had this. Then puberty hit me like a ton of bricks and now I'm moderately attractive. So if you haven't hit puberty it gets better. But if you have hit puberty it's going to get a lot worse Wake Me Up When September Ends. Exactly. We always need super villains in order to continue our unjustified war on "terror" when we are the ones causing it. That sounds pretty bad. I've heard psilocybin has pretty good success rate with quitting cigarettes. Number  four may or may not be malpractice. Throwing myself at the ground and missing.  I'm sorry, but they are called "chips" you heathen. And probably 15 pillows on the bed "Are you weird enough to intentionally place your bed so you can't open your own door?" Tinder. Sorry to trouble you, ma'am :) For the past four years I have hiccupped a few times roughly every half hour. For no apparent reason. It happens more frequently if I eat or drink something. People have speculated torrents but I don't believe it for that reason. Its incredibly annoying to me and I have zero control over it. :( Omg this was soooo me!  I don't know, [is it like the G rank Tigrex?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0L9Lk4OFns) 

4U will have more monsters than any other title so far, and you can even exchange parts of a monster you killed for parts of a monster that's not in the game (like the Gobul or the Ceadeus, since they removed underwater fights), so the armor variety is huge.  I can see my pulse in my stomach. His dad named him Jack just so he could dad-joke about for all his life. When I read "plug", I thought of those plastic outlet covers with the two prongs resembling an electric plug. [One of these fuckers.](http://i.imgur.com/sBBLJGe.jpg) College is a lot harder than high school. You really need to put in the effort and do most of the work and studying on your own free time. Necrophillic Orgy In Entrails And Cum - Gorelord But what are the actual chances that someone will go from a complete stop to moving into your path in an intersection in the time it takes you moving at 30+ mph to cross an intersection. Im not saying hey run red lights, but I mean if it just turned yellow and youre less than like a hundred yards away, why stop? How the fuck did 132 people like this? Why the fuck would you use recursion to calculate weight? stupid commies You wouldn't. People can be whatever religion they want.I don't know if you know this, but murder is illegal and still happens Chickenspocolypse. They have to be staring at the sky for a reason. 
Maybe the rulers expect to us the rain to their coop-like ships as they make their descent. They lay all of those eggs for a reason right? To inhabit our planet with their spawn. We counter attacked by making delicious breakfast and other edible things out of their offspring. 

I for 1 shall not kneel before our new chicken overlords! I will stand up against my oppressors, spatula in hand, and fight back! **OMELETTE DU FROMAGE!!!!** Anyone who types = designing graphics? Spinning hats She said I didn't listen well enough, or something like that idk I wasn't paying attention Lester, Moe Buy some pvc, drill holes, fit kazoos, connect to air compressor, program to alarm clock, hate myself every morning. Everybody wants the bitter truth but everybody only listen to sweet lies.

That's why it's so hard to be honest, if you are honest, people don't like you. If you lie, people love you. I had a friend who started her first job at a dollar theatre and was super excited.  I took my girlfriend to a movie and wanted to congratulate her. She was filling our drinks when her manager came over screaming at her in front of like 20 customers, "Fill the drink to the top, what's wrong with you!?".  I stopped her and shouted back just as loud to make more of a scene, "Hey! I asked her to not fill it up all the way because last time i was here you did that and failed to put the lid on properly which ended up spilling on me!" (A complete lie) she got super embarrassed and sulked away to the back until everybody was gone.  Don't treat your employers like shit, especially when you pay them minimum wage at a job they are thrilled to have. But it was funny, right that's Jenny you fool I fucked an Egyptian girl in a tomb once.

Now she's a mummy. Gintama  The whole NSA thing never really bothered me.  I mean, the idea of government surveillance is bad, but I really don't care if there is a group of people that watches people on the internet.  I feel like someone working at the NSA would see so many secret things that they would be desensitized to it.  [Thong Song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RPtqzE1Bi8) is one of my favourite Kyuss tunes. oh my gosh this is amazing. subscribed! Damn. You probably hate proper tacos. "Weird" and "oddly specific" questions are the questions people like. Everyone's tired of seeing the boring generic questions that get posted 14 times and hour... I agree with almost all of these.  However, the drunk one depends on how drunk and how well you perform drunk. Or poop with their asshole or fuck with their vagina because if it's a Natural body function you can do it in public. I do agree by the way just pointing out the faulty logic.  Continents have large capes, I don't see why a supercontinent wouldn't supercapes out the yang yang. Bring the noise.  To have sex with your mum Paul Buckner. I don't know why I remember this name but it was from a comic I read Ever since I started my career in public interest law eleven years ago my ultimate goal has been to go back to my home state and start a constitutional litigation center.  Starting three years ago a group in my home state approached me and asked me to advise them as they developed their plan for starting just such a litigation center, saying that when the time came to launch it, I would definitely be at the top of their list to run it.  So for three years I shared everything I could to help them lay a solid foundation for getting everything off the ground.  Several months ago, the group began the process of hiring the person to head up this litigation center and I interviewed.  I knew they would be interviewing more people than just myself - I told them it would be irresponsible not to. Weeks passed, and the group added more and more hoops to jump through, including writing a massive memorandum on four days' notice, just days before Christmas.

Two days ago, they told me they gave the job to someone else. My banjo ordered it in october Yung Lean's production is top-notch. Just putting that out there.  This reminded me of those awful pants with the drop crotch. They look like the person had an accident, and had to use a sweatshirt as pants. /r/samplesize This is fine.  Criminal minds What best of was this? Marketing though. You're not! This is why pop music and radios kinda suck. They overplay even pretty good songs to the point where you hate them so much you analyze the questionable choice of lyrics made so the song can flow better. I know!! You're just making a connection in (for example) the elevator, right? Why not be sweet and make a comment or two and wish people a good evening when they leave the elevator? I think it looks kinda gross, honestly, not sexual at all.  They don't want a proper wage. They can currently make 2x or 3x minimum wage. Pretty sure nobody minds. The others are probably singing along as well  In the U.S., Dearborn, Michigan: Over 100,000 Muslims, 45% of the city has settled into their first no-go zone. The city and police officials have been sued in many cases that allege discrimination against Christians effectively by the authorities applying Sharia law. Dearborn-Dar-al-Islam, (a place governed by Islamic Sharia law). The new idea of no-go and no-entry is significant, and shockingly being upheld. They provide weapons and guards and government officials in their own societies. They build what they want on their compounds. They have schools inside that their kids are educated in. They are taught their religion in school. No separation of Church (mosque) and State. Can we expect TheJackOfToast? Dorothy Parker is my favorite. Her sarcasm kills me. One off the top of my head: "If I did not care for fun and such, I'd probably amount to much, but I shall stay the way I am because I do not give a damn."

Not exactly inspirational, but witty as fuck. SHUT UP AND DANCE WITH ME It was more of a broad spectrum description. when OP posted "and starts teaching full on creationism. How humans derived directly from apes, etc. " it seemed to contradict itself, since creationism is the teaching that humanity was created by some sort of divine being, instead of evolving from a distant ancestor like apes.  Thrice !

Here goes:

1. My mom walked in on me when I was 12, watching naturist people and wankin. She ignored and pretended it didn't happen

2. My elder brother slept backwards in his bed to catch me watching porn and wanking when I was 13. we were in egypt, he turned the power to 220 V and fried my PC . (passive-agreessivemofo)

3. My younger brother walked in on me naked in BR while I was strokin my mushroomtip on my thighs. We both instantly tried to play it off, him slightly more successfully(being clothed and standing with hands free) Being able to snap my fingers using only the middle, ring, and pinky fingers. Our double snap by getting the pointer involved. 

Never met anyone else that could do that let alone 99. D: I didn't know this. Tits would go well with ass. You're incredibly lazy if you can't wash your entire body. My thing with snow is I'd rather it be there if it's already going to be cold enough for it.  At least then the world looks pretty, rather than it being 5 degrees and that depressingly barren look of all the trees without leafs and such. That's not a knife. THIS is a knife! Give one to one or two people everyday with an invitation to a New Year's Eve party. Not an object but drive with the windows open. I interned last spring semester and had to be at my location at 5-6am 5 days a week. 

I would always drive with the window cracked even when it was subzero outside to keep myself from getting comfortable in the heated car.  One kazoo to find them all, and in the darkness bind them Apparently someone just needed to believe in the heart of the cards and maybe he would've hung with the cool kids.

It's fine I liked Yugioh too... Was tired of wasting my time. I'm a Mexican-American dude (who speaks Spanish and does other Mexican-American stuff), and I hate that type of music.  My condolences. Dry...lube makes a mess. So? This is how most get their jobs Calculators were books. Obese or morbidly obese people. Source: I was one. No need to apologize.
I am glad you responded because you have opened my eyes to folks like you that would be lumped in because these are the only muslim  immigrants in our area that stand out.. I thank you and hope everything in your now  life is well.. Same goes for reddit, though. In my experience of 4chan (what little you can take seriously) they think hitler had solid ideas. The average 4channer is like the mentally unwell ying to the socially inept yang of reddit. Toasted? My roommates dog did the weirdest thing. She basically emancipated herself from my roommate, declared herself sans owner, and adopted ME as her puppy(evidenced by consistent dominant behavior). She also exhibits bad separation anxiety when I'm not around. I'm told this is because she considers herself the leader of the pack, and leaders don't like it when those under them "run off" and are "out of control". Of course, she goes submissive when its time for me to feed her.. which turns into yelling type barks if I ignore her a second too long.

This dog has a personality and it makes decisions. Nobody informed her she was capable of doing these things. You do have a pretty good point. I'm into a lot of types of music that I know the majority of people wouldn't be into if they had to listen to it on tin can speakers in public. money talks. bullshit walks.  gotta work Where I live freshman are required to take a half year course of geography and world civilizations.

Doesn't mean I remember much about geography though. It's possibly not an affective course. It never ends well so once your wife/husband find out you are screwed. 99% percent of people will view you as a disloyal scumbag for having an affair. I have no sympathy for anybody who cheats and they don't deserve mine or anybody else's time. Oh it's alright it's just interesting. I wonder which gender it's more common for.  Yeah, I get that. It just seemed like such a waste. Because although you're "donating" to one charity your basically and literally pouring another needs down the drain. I'd much rather pay whatever I can then encourage others to possibly harm themselves. I'm sure people think I'm crazy but I just kept thinking of all the less fortunate that don't have something as simple as clean water and here we are telling people to dump it.  I worked as a Dishwasher with my friends in the summer years ago. We called ourselves Water &amp; Waste Management Specialists. Still do lol I made up an Advice Animal story about me being a dick and made it to the front page. This is like saying that getting stabbed is an evolutionary disadvantage. No shit Myself fapping. Here's a shocking fact for you: since Sandy Hook, there have been 70 school shootings in the USA. Mind you, I checked that last in December and they average one every two weeks so that's likely gone up.

You don't hear about them because they're small- maybe one death, a couple injuries. It's insane. 

I'm not saying take away guns, and I actually agree with everything you said. But something's gotta change for gods sake.  I could listen to every bit of the movie soundtrack all day. I could probably sing along to a quarter of it all day.  Does the contractor still have his job? I understand your point about everyone's home life being different and everyone's parents having different skill sets and involvement in their child's life. However, the public school system has a very small time frame to teach students and things like this fall to the wayside. Not to mention the costs associated with running every student through a home economics and automotive technology course would be astronomical.  I got aroused. Don't worry, for official reasons, the imaginary characters in my head were my age. $19.99 up front Awesome! I find it funny that I don't have a Coheed tattoo yet, nor does the other guy I primarily work with who works even closer with the band than I do. This is your fault, you know. After getting my wisdom teeth out there was a problem with no clot forming. The guy went back in and packed the hole with gauze or something, never froze it just went right into an open wound. I was 13 and almost ripped the armrest of the chair off. I was sheet white after he was done. Stahp das rasis yo.  Security Researcher here. Let's see... I've seen convicted felons, transgender, thieves, and feds. I really can't think of anything that would ruin your career. Yeah. It is a lot more recent than most of the other songs in this thread.  I heard one pitch in my right and a different higher pitch in my left ear That's really nice, I love hearing stories about happy polyamorous/multiple parent families. Stop associating with them. I used to work in insurance. Most hr people were fucking busy. Between payroll, insurance, ridiculous regulations and day to day bullshit, they have a lot on their plate. Gained a lot of respect for them actually. Except Toby, everyone fucking hated Toby A little ritual I've developed over the past few months: shower, followed by a piece of rye or pumpernickel bread with mashed avocado and a Sunnyside up egg cooked in a small bit of avocado oil. 

Usually while the bread is toasting and egg is cooking I'll do some stretches and have a big glass of water too. Seems to make my body feel less heavy and awful even after a shoddy nights sleep Really? It's been a long time since I've felt that way. Nowadays, with so much to see, I just feel overwhelmed by the amount of content that I'm interested in. Eventually, I'll have to change my ways, and make better use of my time, studying things that are truly important to me. My hairline is weird as fuck. It makes my head look really small, so I have to line it up every day to make it look normal.  My favorite if a Psycho dialog from Borderlands 2

"I like my women like I like my coffee, in the butt!"
 Because this is gonna be a pretty great year ENHANCE I can't look at this sub because I'm too worried that if I laugh at something or judge someone for their poor auto maintenance, that I'm just inviting something bad to happen to my own car. 20, can hear it still. Pretty quiet though. 

High school drumline didn't allow ear plugs... they actually encourage it in my college line. Thank goodness.  My belly button bleeds. I will be taking a shower or something and it will start bleeding. Been to the doctor a few times and they never have an answer for me. Being able to fart, queef, and burp on command. I'd like to meet another girl who can do all three. Yup, google's crazy accurate. My roommate forgot the name of an obscure anime, and so I told him to simply describe it. I typed it into google exactly as he said it and it popped up in the first link. I forget the exact description but it was something like: "that anime with a wolf and a dog with a scar" or something like that. [And sure enough](https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&amp;rls=en&amp;q=that+anime+with+a+wolf+and+a+dog+with+a+scar&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;oe=UTF-8) that exact description comes up with the right anime. dont worry, leave it there, that video is majestic.  
old man proudly plays accordion, then just explains something with an empty casserole in a weird language, and finishes with "ok that's it". worth it. Years ago at this very restaurant, the Hash-Slinging Slasher used to be a fry cook - just like you - only clumsier. And then, one night, when he was cutting the patties ...it happened. He cut off his own hand by mistake! So he replaced his hand with a rusty spatula. And then, he got hit by a bus! And..at his funeral, they fired him! So now, every tuesday night he returns to The Krusty Krab to wreak his horrible vengeance. Same thing happens to me, about once a month or so. It's difficult to explain to my doctor, and it occurs too randomly to actually be in a doctors office when it happens.
 rekt Imitation eggs. I had to resort to eating MRE's when I was overseas because the smell of the "eggs" cooking would make me bend over vomiting. 

When I was sent to NMCSD for recovery and discharge, i was happy when the canteen served actual omelettes. To this day, I have a high distrust of eggs. Fuckin rekt Flying. Everyone is always complaining about the lines, seats, food, baggage, long flights...gets me half way across the fucking globe in less than 24 hours. I'll take that over a 3 week voyage I'd have to make 100 years ago thank you very much. It's not, and it's fucking annoying.  Dig by Mudvayne or Sweetshop by Doctor P /r/analink 3spooky5me I always loved babysitting and helping at my moms school so I'm in school to be a teacher.  IDDQD &amp; IDKFA You should all go see Big Eyes and have a little talk after it's over.   Babies and young children don't make noise when they're choking, don't leave them alone for long, even if you think they're fine I worked at a hotel in Chicago for a bit and we had a lunch room for employees where they served food for us.   There was one guy who every time he was down there would listen to techno or dubstep on his phone for everyone to hear.  This is also where most people would watch tv together or just talk, and then there's this guy playing his music over everyone....jackass  At school? That can't end well Woah, I've seen some circlejerk before, but....woah. I only blast my music when I hear someone blasting some shitty rap song. That being said, my preferred bands to play are Cannibal Corpse, The Faceless, Cattle Decapitation, and Slayer. Hey, sorry, I misread the question. 


It's been that kinda day.

also, I am perfectly fine. Because the homeless need some more chocolatey goodness in their life. Wut?  You got cancer from a spider?   Considering Jay-Z rhymes nigga with nigga, all bets are off Your post has been removed as it either violated [Rule 1 ](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) or [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:

* **Your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post.  Your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box.**

* **You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title.**

* **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**

Use the text box to explain your question if necessary (adding context or conditions), but do not use it to share an answer, add unnecessary context to the question or include your personal story. As the submitter, any answers or stories go in the comments section as a reply to the post. This is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked, and the submitter's answer, when voting.

Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.

[**When you've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox, message the mods for review and reapproval**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;subject=Post%20Review%20Request&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;message=My%20post%20was%20removed%20under%20rule%201,%20please%20review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2rtwsf/how_can_i_have_fun_while_still_remaining_safe/) and ask the moderators to re-approve it.


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* To have the second most gold in this thread. This is very motivating. In social situations, this is so important. Do you think this would apply to a professional situation? If you had to fake confidence in something that you were not at all confident in, would you do it? What if the higher-ups asked you to keep doing said thing, or to expand on it? Is that fair to the company? Art Vandelay. **Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.

If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods! 

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Chris Adams Then I'd have two little adults bitching at me I live so far from my family and it's hard to drive there during the winter so I'm missing so much of my nieces life. Rhabdomyolysis seems prety unique to Crossfit though. I hate this excuse (excuse = a reason wrapped in a lie).  Worked in retail and food service for years and have a firm grasp on the "scope".  Didn't stop me from doing my damn job and taking customer complaints, insults etc. because hey... Psssst.... Guess what... I was getting paid for that exact shit and knew it was coming if I didn't do my fucking job correctly. I would buy a fuckton of wrecking balls and hold wrecking ball jousts I told a lot of very shitty jokes to a mall cop and at one point asked him a question that made his face turn red and he promptly left my store. he went home and told his roommate that he had met someone just like him and that we needed to meet, his roommate asked why and he told him my last question, which his roommate then inquired if he knew.  The mall cop spent a week trying to make us meet up and we both had fun giving him bs as to why it wouldn't work. He plays horde and I play alliance,  no way! Lol we had a  lot of fun giving him  a hard time. At last we meet and we where instant best friends. I gave the guy a hard time for a few months but if you ask him we were dating that first week. Still together 4 years later. you should edit in that it's my band Company email is not private That people complain about their lives so much. Why can't everyone take a moment out of their day to think of the good instead of ranting about the bad? &gt;interpenetrate This is epic. I must try this if someone does this on my commutes.  I'm off to bed... keep em coming... if you were wondering, my favourite song is [Slow Show - The National](http://youtu.be/-KhGUE_KjIo) Vincent Hubbley no. I'm honored! I would start with John Coltrane,  Miles Davis, Stan Getz, Pat Metheny, and Esperanza Spalding. You will get a pretty wide range of jazz by some fantastic artists. My favorite albums by these people:

John Coltrane - Blue Train and/or A love Supreme
Miles Davis - Kind of Blue and/or Bitches Brew
Stan Getz-Getz/Gilberto
Pat Metheny - The Orchestrian Project
Esperanza Spalding - Radio Music Society I once helped my boss find a woman to hook up with online when I found him browsing on Craigslist in the m4m section.  He couldn't understand why there were so many dick pics.  

He was soon quite saddened to learn that there are far fewer sexy, legitimate women trying to hookup on Craigslist. I like this response the most. I was an aspiring author before I made a career choice in hospitality and I still have a manuscript that is abot 4 chapters from completion. I purchased cover art for 650 from deviantart and everything. 

But with all the time I dont have (start 10am finish 12am 6 days a week)  I feel like it was a wasted expense. Then a part of me knows that 10 years down the track im going to release the book, and I like to think that the artist will be rummaging around a bookstore one day and see his art on display.  Can we see a picture of said hat? It's butt. That's what I'm thinking. He's the pony tail fuck wad from Good Will Hunting.  As a paramedic, stealing dugs such as morphine, ketamine, midazolam and fentanyl. You can accidentally fuck up which ends up in someone dying and you'll probably get suspended or something. Steal drugs or have knowledge of people stealing drugs and not reporting it, your career is absolutely over not to mention it's also a crime. THAT YOU DON'T KILL PEOPLE OVER INSULTS.
Quran 4:140


And it has already come down to you in the Book that when you hear the verses of Allah [recited], they are denied [by them] and ridiculed; **so do not sit with them until they enter into another conversation.** Indeed, you would then be like them. Indeed Allah will gather the hypocrites and disbelievers in Hell all together  Both. ...um trying to keep a straight face while readying this.  In my hs there is a chick with the skrillex haircut who blasts whatever the fuck she wants on a huge Bluetooth speaker.  Everywhere she goes obnoxious dubstep is pissing students off left and right.  His lack of reply means yes it is gordon ramsey, and he has been stabbed by said knife Do you go to UT? Hercules of course. Mike Hunt Sharkboy 3: The Return Of OP I have them because depression...
Generally its really hard to snap out of it too.
It could also be anxiety about something you dont know youre worried about or the weather or hormones or something you ate...generally there is a reason, its just hard to pick out You can break the one page rule. Still, you want to trim where need be. For myself, I trim down the descriptions on older positions as those accomplishment are less noteworthy than my recent positions.

The nice thing is in the Software Engineering world is that recruiters heavily use LinkedIn to find and look at candidates. There is no harm in going longer there as LinkedIn encourages it. You can also show off in various ways that you wouldn't get to on a resume. Ctrl-A

Ctrl-C

Ctrl-V Ctrl-V Ctrl-V Ctrl-V  I believe it's the flyback transformer in it. My laptop charger (Apple MagSafe) makes a really quiet squeal like that, and a bad desktop PSU will sometimes make a high screeching along similar lines.

23, can hear it just fine. Got my helmet caught in my zipper at church, durring chorus practice.

Could not cry out in pain.,. could not beg for help.

I just sat in the stall, bled and wept. First set of scars came from being circumcised when I was 6. They had to cauterize the wound so I have scars from that. Second set came from a horrific bicycle accident when I was 13. I jumped a curb, got some wicked air and crashed. As I came down my handlebars turned and went through my pants, ripping my scrotum open and tearing the skin on the underside of my dick. And awkward visit to the ER and some stitches later and I had a scarred cock. Plumbing Huh. Maybe it was that my family has no history of crohns before me that made me think this. Thanks for correcting me! Ask how I got the scar on my left hand. Is that the cartoon that directly inspired the killings? But what if Baader-Meinhof is written into the codes of the game of life? Seattle not even  sketchy part just hs is very strict. I've never been shot or stabbed, but I cut off the end of my finger once.  It didn't hurt.  It just felt kind of stiff? Or solid? I don't know but it only started hurting 20-30 seconds later Where do you work? [Is there any competition?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRQhwjBGDiM) Thanks Ebert but I'm gonna disagree.

Have you ever seen one of those short sleeve button up collar shirts with tribal flames, Chinese lettering, and a dragon wrapping all the way around?

If that shirt turned into a band it would be Linkin Park. I can't get past the Eminem looking dude growl-whining over the other guy's corny ass shaba laba pose-rap and generic electrinica-turntable-cock-rock-hip-hop "music"  to find any art other than bad cgi mech cartoons.


I hate that band. I'm surprised the double dick guy hasn't shown up yet. I think this is sort of like buying a new car. You know, when you buy a cool new ride, and suddenly you notice 30 just like it on the road lol. It's just that you didn't know it before and it was there all along, you just didn't notice because it didn't matter  at the time :) &gt; Just for arguments sake, what do you think about the idea that knowing you have a gun on your person, makes you more likely to take risks, such as defending your self from a mugging rather than just handing over your wallet and leaving?

To be honest, I haven't seen any direct research on this exact topic, and I'm not sure how you'd go about doing it, but it sounds like it might be almost vacuously true.

Consider two scenarios where someone breaks into my house. If I don't have a gun, my only realistic option (say) is to hide under the bed and hope the fucker goes away with my TV. OTOH, if I have a shotgun, I have many options, including hiding under the bed until he enters the bedroom, then shooting him, or the riskier options of lying in wait at the top of the stairs and shooting him if he tries to come upstairs, or going downstairs and looking for him, etc. It's clear that I have way more options if I'm armed.

If this happens to 1,000 unarmed people and 1,000 armed people, and even one of the armed people chooses any option other than the most conservative one, then your statement becomes statistically true, albeit by a very tiny margin. In short, I'm not sure that the assertion is really very meaningful even if it is true.

On the other hand, it's possible that people who carry (as in your example) might try harder to maintain situational awareness and take extra precautions, like not going down the dark alley or giving the drunk a wide berth, so that your statement would be false. No sane CC holder wants to end up having to explain themselves to the police, the prosecutor, the judge, and a jury, even if their use of lethal force is completely justified by any objective standard. An over-zealous prosecutor can turn a legitimate defensive shooting into a horrible expensive mess that can ruin your life. These points (conflict avoidance and legal aftermath) are major topics of every CC training course.

You don't have to go very far to find [evidence suggesting](http://crimepreventionresearchcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/Concealed-Carry-Permit-Holders-Across-the-United-States.pdf) that concealed carry permit holders are, on average, highly law-abiding to the point of being statistically much less likely to commit a crime than police officers. Even when trying to paint CC permit holders in a very negative light, you can't help but be struck by the fact that the number of people killed by CC permit holders  [679 over 7 years](http://www.vpc.org/ccwkillers.htm)  is a minute fraction of the total (roughly 100,000 in the same time period). Put another way, if the homicide rate of CC permit holders (679 in 7 years by ~8,000,000 permit holders) were extended to the general population, then we would expect fewer than 4,000 homicides per year rather than the ~15,000 we have, so it appears that CC permit holders are roughly one fourth as likely to kill someone as non-permit holders.

I'm not sure how much this illuminates the discussion, but I do think it underscores how problematic common sense assertions, such as the one you threw out for discussion, really are: they can be interpreted and explained to suit either pro- or anti- gun agendas in the absence of the empirical evidence we need to decide their truth or falsehood, and they're of dubious probative value even when we know. When I was in the second grade I had a hydro seal, essentially it's where my right testicle was quite larger then my left. I thought it was totally normal until I asked my dad, I got surgery that year to seal it up. Hi everybody! I cough when I insert cotton swabs in my ear.  The most important thing is quality chocolate. I used Callebaut 811 Regina? A drilling company had an oil spill. Got in everyone's water and the. They took the money and ran to escape all the lawsuits. It also gave me a form of skin disease that was unknown. That *might* work on someone under 25 or so. Cash Register Technician. Ah yes, the latin pop song by the Italian-Ugandan German. Things must get awkward when you have him over though. the simpsons Oh you! It's not just a thing, it's the company name. Type Fred and fred and it will show you the same thing. 140 comment and I have had this account for over two years... I didn't say that. I said that just because someone downloads a song does NOT mean that anyone was victimized. My cousin did. Idk how well it did but he's making it a trilogy.  But also fucking hilarious.  YOU HAD ONE JOB!! 1! Do not judge your life, success, goals, or desires against a friend or role model. You are a unique arrangement of atoms that will desire its own things. Follow what you want- not what you think you should want.  Pineapple on pizza. It's revolting and ruins the pizza. I believe the word you're looking for is "contriveditude." Smith and Wesson 500 Yeah, everyone here needs to email mythbusters and reference this article. I very much want to see this in action. Their address is mythfans@beyond.com.au Charlemagne Grundleplith oh fuck, so you have your hand with a move limitation or is only the not apply pressure thing? either way its awfull, do you still have pain there??

i was in intense pain a week maybe then was just pain haha :(, and im still in pain if i move my arm too quickly or i make some heavy lifting

ps: sorry for my.english its not my first language, i speak spanish, im from Uruguay  Fundamental flaw in their perception of reality which leads to unexpected results when trying to introduce new concepts to them. I used to have a crazy GF. She used to play with it like it was an action figure and call it "Darth Vader" You know who else went to an art school and had a well-paying full time job? Hitler, that's who.

^^^^^He ^^^^^did ^^^^^go ^^^^^to ^^^^^an ^^^^^art ^^^^^school. ^^^^^They ^^^^^just ^^^^^didn't ^^^^^let ^^^^^him ^^^^^in. Kanye West - Graduation.  Far and away his most accessible album, really no bad songs on it and it has aged really well compared to most contemporary rap albums.  A couple other good albums to reccomend are The black parade by my chemical romance, I don't speak the language by matthew wilder, Hotel california by eagles, and pinkerton by weezer. William Goodman. &gt;General American is a major accent of American English, particularly considered the American accent that is the most neutral or lacking in distinctive regional, ethnic, or socioeconomic characteristics

Basically, we have an accent that is basically the lack of an accent :P

Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_American Zealots are the worst.  Especially when they're right. i always replied with 'male' and they never spoke to me again ... ;) Your post has been removed as it either violated [Rule 1 ](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) or [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:

* **Your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post.  Your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box.**

* **You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title.**

* **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**

Use the text box to explain your question if necessary (adding context or conditions), but do not use it to share an answer, add unnecessary context to the question or include your personal story. As the submitter, any answers or stories go in the comments section as a reply to the post. This is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked, and the submitter's answer, when voting.

Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.

[**When you've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox, message the mods for review and reapproval**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;subject=Post%20Review%20Request&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;message=My%20post%20was%20removed%20under%20rule%201,%20please%20review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2rtwuw/does_the_gas_station_get_a_tax_deduction_when_i/) and ask the moderators to re-approve it.


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I'd take my best friend on a shopping spree in New York. And a bigger desk, 150x50cm is not big enough. Majora's Mask 3DS remake and the new Zelda WiiU game. so hyped. I say nip it in the bud... and butt naked.  [This is what I usually play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnzYG0ZkrXg) I've read an article by a psychologist that the Gomez and Morticia Adams are the happiest and healthiest couple ever on television. They support each other without being codependent, and maintain their own identities without sacrificing them for each other.  This is why I if it's a small enough of a mistake I won't care or if I really want it fix, I always ask nicely as possible  Iiiiiiiiilllllll beeeeee goooooone I had a metalcore phase once, and I listen to almost no music from then. This album is one of those exceptions. My boyfriend calls his "Johnson." I have since adopted this practice.  The supposed ease of hooking up in college. 

I'm not socially retarded, I think i'm good looking, I'm pretty funny but nothing. 

Probably has more to do with my unwillingness to go out or put in any effort to get laid.  FYI the average cost to train someone fresh all the way up to engineer on the BNSF is about 180k depending on how far they need to make you travel. Oh you mean the German terrorist manonimna  &gt; the_rabbit_of_power

&gt; Humans of Reddit Accidentally walked out of a store with something in my pocket. It was worth $6. I realised and went back in to pay. Security pulled me up as I was trying to get back in and told me he was calling the police on me for shoplifting. I thought he was joking, so I went in and paid for the item. Went to my car and 3 cops approached me as I was unlocking the door.

Long story short, I spent $3500 on lawyers, nearly lost my job (**as a security guard**) and got fined $1000. Luckily I don't have a criminal record, but it was pretty close. All over forgetting to pay for something worth $6, which I did go back and pay for. Simple. Every movie. You can never have too much Smash Mouth in movies Bitches be tripping  Giving or taking? Go to the hospital.  Butt.

Bud.

Fucking kids these days. The Goonies I have hypermobility syndrome, so all my joints hyperextend. Including my knees and elbows, which look mildly humorous.  It was great. I love their facial expressions most I think. I've only heard *butt naked* and n*ip it in the bud*. It could be regional. Generic but not so generic it stands out. Late to the party but musician Sam Hunt. Just look at his smile in Leave the Night On - https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=BuMiMBjcvWU In all honesty, that depends. Are you in the Southern United States or the Northern United States? What about more fresh shit every day. You might wait a month since the first shit, but that's still about a day after the last shit. come on man... Yeah? The bitch is sleeping in the fucking garage tonight. And you, you fuck, are a dead man! I remember you! Right after my dribbling cock rolled out of your mothers mouth we saw you in the door crying. This isn't over you little prick! Maybe she meant Austria?  I too have a friend who did that as well. Really? He's smart? He doesn't seem smart...but new respect! Carson milligan, he is a whiny kid at my school and my friends and I would always use his name if a teacher got pissed. No ragrets  I just flew Toronto to Shanghai. In the first hour of the flight I spilled an entire beer on myself and to sit in a puddle and soaked pants for 12 hours. It was fun smelling like a drunk.  Black people say buck sometimes. And the correct phrase is "nip it in the bud" We usually call that season "Road work". Attention.  Some people crave it. Probably at being well travelled, defiantly for my age but I'v spent about 1/4 of my life travelling somewhere. nice guys finish last Nip it in the bud Yea! toast is good :) Right, because the guy you responded to said no one in America uses metric...

Oh... he didn't.

So you're responding to me when I said no one in America uses metric...

Oh right, I specifically listed professions in America that do use metric...

Sigh. The problem isn't that no one uses metric, it's that the general population doesn't. I already discussed this at length, refer to those comments.

 Oh yes. I used to work road construction, and seeing the finished product was always so rewarding. Also, when you see this while riding a motorbike is the greatest feeling ever.  narcan in the home if u have someone suffering from an opiate addiction - reverses the effects of overdose, leaving enough time to seek emergy medical service.  Pulp Fiction I don't personally but it makes other people uncomfortable  I am not very good at ballroom but I am okay at swing dancing. I follow pretty well.  Build a sound-power velocity rocket. It's not easy, but here's the simple-explained way to do it:

1. Make a circle with a diameter of 1 foot. Fit in kazoos and point in from sound-hole (bottom) to blow hole (top). Basically, where the sound comes out should be pointing to the ground.

2. Stack up the rest of the kazoos ontop of the other ones. You might have to widen the sound and blow holes in all of them if that won't work.

3. There should be a huge silo of stacked and well-conjoined kazoo-piles fitting Into a 1 ft radius sq. 483 and the pythogarem theorem  should make the silo atleast 5 feet high.

4. Get an air pressure machine connected with tubes. Load them up at the top of the silo. This will be the engine fire.

5. Rig it up well. Then, seal everything and use aerodynamic figures and build it to look like a very thick pointy pencil.

6. Get a gold mine pan, cut out the bottom ground of it. You should have a hollow circle bent inward. Bend the out frame/circle more inward to a 1 ft radius circle.

7. Attach it to the bottom of the silo. The outer frame should fit well with the bottom and use good rigging.

8. Make done aerodynamic rocket wings for better flying. Attach evenly at bottom and 2 across from each other near the middle of the silo.

9. Prepare for launch. Set launch pad and turn on air-blower-high pressure machine. The kazoos will produce their sound but at a high intensity that the molecules bouncing with other molecules will cause supersonic vibrations that will create a continuos shockwave, giving lift to the silo

10. It'll be loud. Watch the Rocket go High in the air. For fun, set a times TNT Bomb inside the rocket for easy cleanup when air pressure machine runs out if battery.

483 kazoos. Boom.

 A fair point, my friend. Great books too. Agreed. It disgusts me.  I like to read about ancient peoples, especially if they lived before being absorbed into a larger empire/nation. It's so interesting to imagine what life would be like when those peoples' whole reality was composed of just a few dozen/hundred others. No governments, no education, no medical care...  A vagina??  Grade 10 business? I enjoy August burns red, pink June, blue October and black February. Well you know, it's not an easy choice to make, being single for this long.  
Just have to keep moving on with my life.  
() Driving 67 mph in a 65mph zone, living life dangerously  That I do. Waiting for my contract to end (which is soon) before I get a new one. You're eating forks. Stop that. Why would I do that though? I actually want the products as well. I know the guy because I've bought camera and camera stuff from him before.  Speeding fines. 
If you don't want one,  don't speed. Problem gone.  I mean Bruckner. Missed a letter My birthday's actually coming up so I feel obligated to answer . . . 

Honestly, pokemon cards. My boyfriend and I recently got back into it a few months back, learned how to ACTUALLY PLAY, and now we're addicted. It's amazingly fun. We just wish we had people to play with. Our age.  I want to ride my biiiike.  You can use the phrase "I give it three thumbs up." Maybe you have a insensitive nose. /r/RedHeadsInYogaPants  Small sample size This a thousand times over. Embellish but don't flat up lie about information. Use the Bullshit filler tactic, not the "create a new me" tactic.  My personal favorite is either the Age of Enlightenment or the 19th century. The enlightenment had a real sense of optimism you don't see anymore, and the 19th century had my favorite events of the Congress of Vienna and the Italian Unification. Procrastination.  I just went back and listened to a bit of it and I was definitely wrong about the instrumentals. They were pretty good on this album. And I guess with the lyrics the "middle fingers up/if you don't give a fuck" was what really stuck out, but you make some fair points and now I definitely agree with you. Who cares about that show full of white trash losers who can't handle life. Fuckin pathetic.  A hug I know most if not all of the singing parts for those songs. It is really an awesome album! Brb, gotta find the guy who hid an onion in my room... Sorry for your loss man This modern love by Bloc Party He is schizophrenic, went off his meds and subsequently went off the deep end. I dealt with 6 years of his crazy, I got to my breaking point. I was miserable and it was not an environment I wanted to raise my children in.
He's stable now but I haven't loved him in a very long time and I can never go back to that life. He was insanely paranoid, thought when I went to work I was really out cheating on him, he would go through my phone records and ask who all the numbers belonged to and then call them to make sure I wasn't lying. I could name a hundred reasons why being with him made me miserable. Exactly. My last ex could only sleep on her stomach. Had another one who slept on her back. Neither of them liked sleeping on their sides. Here I am, the complete opposite, only sleeping on my sides, and never able to sleep on my back or stomach. + the risk of people sharing the ISOs online was negligible, because the console was pretty complex and cutting-edge in 2001. Even if the Dolphin OS could be emulated well (which has only recently been the case!*), the system ran on 128-bit architecture and would need dedicated processing to get anywhere near the frame-rate required for smooth and enjoyable gameplay.

**An emulator called Dolphin was released over ten years ago, but it sucked soooo badly. It took them years to get it to play audio of any sort, or to run above 20 FPS. Even when that was possible, there weren't very many games that actually ran properly on it. The game support and technical limitations and bugs and so on were only really worked out in recent years. I have to say, it's a really good emulator now and even supports Wii games. I'm a goth (retired), transgender, gay, I love death metal; basically I don't think anyone can be edgier than me yet I still know how to not be a cunt to everyone around me. If it were past tense I would have joined in. [One more minute](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL-py5G1j4Q) was the one I made sure everyone could hear.  I've almost learned to read since... Your mom said it was great! RAMMSTEIN  Thong thongthong thooooooong Most overrated song in history. I can't stand it. Raffi - bananaphone Freebird!

Wait, that's probably a good one.. When I see someone use ketchup on a steak. 

SHUDDER Say it loud and sing it proud today... A kid walked into class doing this one day listening to some song I'd never heard of. The whole class sat there in shock and stared at him the whole time till he turned it off. I'd also see him on campus or before class inside and at times he'd sing out loud just not giving a fuck. Weird shit  I formerly articulated in a manner reminiscent of Spock, under the misapprehensions that A) it made me sound intelligent rather than pretentious and B) a sizable vocabulary was all I needed to seem intellectual and thus considered socially desirable. I now comprehend that such locution was more off-putting and impenetrable than truly a mark of intelligence.

Fortunately, I at least knew what the words meant. I've never used a fake name, and I never will. What if I do some super crazy amazing shit under a fake name? Then that fake name gets the credit... Fuck that noise... I'm chrish00pes, everywhere I go. This is why I used to love travelling for work (usually just an overnight, the odd two-night trip). I would just go to a random local place for dinner, and usually go to a sports bar for a few drinks. She spent an evening drunkenly trying to hook me up with her (still in the closet) lesbian friend. Me and my friend played Meshuggah through the 3 story TGI Friday's in Times Square. People were pissed. And if you have one of those loudass bathroom fan/vent thingy that makes the noise, you can mask the fap with that and not sound like you're wasting water. My brother had Pectus Excavatum but had that surgery when he was fourteen. He went through a lot of pain but it was worth it. And they break all of your ribs sure but it's honestly not as severe as it sounds. He was bed ridden for about 2 weeks, 5 days of that being in the hospital, and was up and running around in about a month. He now has a completely normal, fully functional chest. But the main selling point was that as he grew older the "dent" could worsen and start pressing on his heart or lungs and complicate a lot of things. After the surgery my mom said it was like oxygen that never got to his brain finally got a chance and he started performing much better in school than he had previously. Really changed his like all for the better. Plus they let him keep the bar that was correcting it when they took it out.  (All electronic music.)

* Mike Dehnert - Lichtbedingt [Techno]

* Positive Centre - In Silent Series [Dub Techno]

My two favourite albums of 2014.

* Magda - From The Fallen Page [Tech House / Minimal]

* Akiko Kiyama - Deviation [Minimal / Techno]

* Nina Kraviz - Nina Kraviz [Techno / House]

A couple of favourites not from 2014 but still from recent years.

* Ricardo Villalobos -  Alcachofa [Tech House / Minimal]

* deadmau5 - Random Album Title [Progressive House]

A couple of my favourite modern(ish) classics, at least in terms of electronic music. If you like the first one, almost anything Villalobos is worth a shot.

* The minute or so crescendo near the end of the [Freebird solo!] (http://youtu.be/np0solnL1XY?t=7m22s)
 I once ordered a McDouble...they gave me one patty. I used to have a spider that lived in a hole in the wall. He always sat there and didn't come out. I liked seeing him in the morning or after a long day at work. Then one day I came home and he wasn't there... he was crawling across my bedroom floor. That was unacceptable and I had to put him outside. I still feel sad when I see that empty hole in the wall. Never gonna turn around and,  Commercials.  If you aren't paying for the service directly (i.e. Netflix, HBOgo, etc.), it's how your program gets paid for.  I'm completely fine with putting up with commercials so I don't have to pay an extra fee just to watch what I want to. Lie to me This is a really wonderful and clear description of gender. Thank you so much. This thread is full of "I am cisgender and I don't understand so I'll reject
it" sort of talk and I was getting sad.  Bowling for Soup - Girl All the bad Guys Want.

Got kicked out of that concert too IIRC That's not my point... It just... Mistakes. There are a number of fields in which making big enough ones leads to termination. One would think that causing the death of another human being ought to be considered a big enough mistake. 

I'm relatively forgiving of those mistakes that do not result in permanent and debilitating or fatal damage, but.... It's like... Really? 

The whole thing hardly inspires confidence in so-called medical "professionals." 

 Holy shit that was my first thought too Metal: Hammer Smashed Face - Cannibal Corpse Its drama. Loud funny drama. Not that I watch that shit. Sounds like someone has some rustled jimmies. Something bothering you, OP? It smells like grapefruit. Not bad. This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.

*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Squirtle... Broke college kid, name it and I will do it.. It would make road trips a lot more fun. Road House.  A lot of people suggested various types of physical or psychological torture, but I think that the worst kind of torture is self-afflicted.  Perhaps forcing them to choose one of their children to kill and one to torture. I can't even imagine the pain a mother would feel having to choose which child she would rather kill with her own hands and which she'd rather torture for the rest of her life. Then she'd have to live with that decision for the rest of her life with the constant reminder of her actions from the child she has to torture. those are actually posers Do you two still play? Is WoW or gaming in general still a significant part of your relationship? This person knows whats up Nope, California. When I was in elementary school the we used to trade Pokemon cards amongst each other. Seeing as I didn't have any cards my friends gave me their shitty Rattata's and Zubats that I tried to use to trade with others. Long story short I still have those fucking cards to this very day.

Fight me. That last season was borderline painful to watch Queen Elizabeth II you don't turn condom two inside out.  the used sides are touching, she only touches the side she touched herself. It's Buttercup, isn't it? I couldn't agree more I felt there was no legitimate reason I should waste time with fruitless relationships. If I happened across someone awesome, then maybe. But by and large, I feel it'd be a colossal waste of my time to 'go fishing'. Is there a story to go along with that comment? I'm really intrigued. Filthy Casuals. i'm done talking to you. It was both. I'm laughing my ass off. HYFR http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teppanyaki this dry spell rn No, I'm talking specifically about people who design graphics to be posted publicly. Like in store windows and street posts and stuff. I keep reading about the antiperspirant thing and I can't stop giggling at the thought of a whole locker room of people staring at a man putting on deodorant and then rubbing it on his face.  

 I 99% don't give a shit, except in restaurants it puts me off of my food.  Possible, but then they have to explain to seniors why they reopened the Medicare Loophole.  Explain to millions of parents why they're booting their kids off their policies and now they're going uninsured.  Explain to millions of other Americans why they now have to go back to being uninsured because they're taking away the subsidies they needed to afford it.

They rattle on about "Repeal and Replace."  They've got the "repeal" rhetoric down but have come up with absolutely fuck all for the "replace" part; the part that is going to drive an even larger wedge between the Republican base and establishment.

So if they win the House, win a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate (or remove it), AND win the Presidency, good fucking luck to 'em. That's a cheap bj We had a class together in college. He says the moment he saw mr, he was crazy about me. But he's a nervous wreck and overheard me talking about my boyfriend at the time so he never really approached me, besides small talk. 
6 months later, I started working at the place he worked and he flipped his shit. I was oblivious and he Facebook stalked me so he knew I was still in a relationship and never tried.
He moved 2 hours away and then drunken Facebook messaged me quite a few months later. I went through a nasty break up and was finally ready to get back out there. We couldn't get enough of each other and talked all the time, then finally hung out after a few weeks and it was over from there.  every day when i go to the Student union on my college campus...  /s /s /s

/s Engineer here. Tasting concrete is a thing (or at least it used to be). Tic-tacs /r/risecore Hi there! It looks like you're needing assistance of some sort. AskReddit is for thought-provoking discussion and therefore may not be suitable for what you are looking for.

**Please use one of these subreddits:**

 - Need advice? /r/needadvice or /r/relationship_advice

 - Cant remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue 

 - Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. 

Otherwise if these don't fit your needs, check out the [multireddits in our sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/about/sidebar) which cover almost every topic imaginable, thanks!

If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;subject=Help%20Related%20Post%20Review%20Request&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;message=My%20post%20was%20removed%20for%20being%20help%20related,%20please%20review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2rtx0x/what_do_i_call_them/). 


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Obligatory "OP's mom" Oh come on, you'd go gay for Zayn. My vagina because at least I wouldn't be both raped and shot PM you my toes. sure... hot wheels count? VNQWEROIUBZDOIUHA EAPFOKNDVPAIJWEF GENERAL SCALES! Its the other way around, the purpose of fat is to be burned down for energy. Not to just sit there for its own sake.

Running away from a tiger is an evolutionary advantage - the stored fat is useless to a corpse (but delicious for the tiger).

Running faster to hunt a gazelle is an evolutionary advantage - spend some energy to secure energy. If not catching food means starvation - you better spend what little fat you have to catch the next meal.

Those are examples of useful energy expenditures. If you are asking whether it would have made sense for a caveman to go to a cave-gym and repeatedly lift a heavy rock, only to put it down again for the purpose of building muscle mass then the short answer is probably no.

The longer answer depends on whether the "artificially" increased muscle mass gave that individual a big enough advantage in combat/hunting/chasing to increase his personal survival chance or whether it made him more attractive to the opposite sex, thus increasing his chance of reproductive success. Taking into account the local abundance of food and the energy cost of this "unnecessary" exercise.

Temperature of course is an external factor that may play a role, cooler climates will favor fat storage for insulation. Japanese steakhouse or hibachi  Middle toes. Easy to live without them.  Vanessa Carlton- A Thousand Miles. 

It's used to intimidate those who dare question me. That may have been one of the most ignorant things I've ever read. I'm really looking forward to bravely second as well as Majora's Mask 3D There some truth in that everyone is demanding a lot of software skills for graphic designs these days, but you make it sound like learning stops after school. Brings designer, like other creative fields, is a life style and the day you stop learning is the day you die. 
Remember tools and trends come and go, but the basic principles will always be there. You that to your advantage.  Vatican City. I want to see how excited you get when you see the guy with a colostomy bag fetish appear on multiple threads. That was a treat. I have to use a walker to get around now, but it could always be worse  All the time.  Payed my tuition this week for the semester. Completely broke, have no money to buy required reading material, and have tests the next week on said reading material. Being broke in college sucks. Watching a girl write. There's just something about it. The way they hold the pen, the way their letters they write curl and flow. It's not a turn on or anything, it's just...comforting I guess. Six wisdom teeth here!  No extra kidneys that I'm aware of. Does it make your blood extra-filtered? Not So Silent Night day 2, not the best but it was fun c: sadly i'd say edc but unexpected college fees kept me from going last year and sadly this year u.u Crabs, the spider of the sea. No thank you. That is the most skullfuckingly good brass section I've ever heard. Lived in Hamilton, can confirm. Food poisoning? Living off the government disability- it doesn't pay well at all, and the benefits are surprisingly hard to find and get for disabled vets.

Handicap parking: when you have to park there, there's not many spots.

 Tape the kazoos in a Reed-like fashion and then throw them off a skyscraper along with a live goat. The air passing through the kazoos and the terrifying shrieks coming from the goat would give the impression to the people on the ground that 2 goats are falling from the sky. Its a nice little life hack for anyone with only enough money for one goat. I wouldn't be thrilled about bad smelling baby formula in the restaurant either, but it's extra squickish having the aroma of something squirted out of a human wafting my way and mixing with the smell of whatever i'm eating. And yeah, other people are eating so maybe it's unfair to the baby, but its not like I can bring a sandwich from home and eat it at the restaurant, so that kid getting to bring his own food is unfair to me! Same... Its not a class that I need so it doesnt really matter that much all in all. But I did want to move out of my dorm and into my fraternity house which I can't because of this. It really sucks since i told a bunch of people I was. pick up poop in my hand and throw that shit at a small child. Hibachi george takei  A full key ring. You think it's cheap but then you realize that it unlocks all of Fort Knox... Regina Adams. A mix of Phoebe's "Regina Phalange" and Joey's "Ken Adams". Fergalicious.  Not much of a contribution but don't think you can really call it either one definitively. Sure you could think one way or the next but you never know. Fuckin rats with wings. "Mine, mine, mine." Ass hole birds. that's fine just think about what I said and have a nice day :-) Fallout 4 ITT: Putin. Teppanyaki ? Mr. Rogers.  I would literally cry Bots are banned from /r/AskReddit. They can't comment but I have no idea whether they actually _read_ comments here or not. Cold fusion. Get rich, save the planet. Boom.  That's it. I'm burning the building down. There is an entire paper written on homosexual necrophilia in ducks.  A scientist saw a male duck walk up to a dead male duck outside his window and watched the duck have intercourse with the duck corpse for quite some time.

[Here is the paper, if you're interested.](http://www.chm.bris.ac.uk/sillymolecules/papers/duck.pdf)  This is Reddit, I know y'all are. That kinda took "I don't mind rain" in a peculiar direction. It also means poop in Danish. Unless the shooter was a sick fuck. life = saved We should team up, I repel women. Vader is Luke's dad.

Rosebud was the name of the sled.

Bruce Willis was dead the whole time.

Kevin Spacy is Keyser Sze That is so unoriginal another guy wrote the same comment. I've been known to grab a battered sausage for a 'walk home snack'. Hmmmm ... except no one had to look at or read the pictures .... a bit different from the bar example. It's more like, the guy in your example, went to the bar, and hard conversations with 3 separate friends, where they discussed things that were offensive to some of the people eavesdropping around them. One of the eavesdroppers decides he wants to keep anyone from talking about the topic he doesn't like, and chooses to insert himself in the conversation that he didn't even need to be a part of, and beats up our guy. Dip my PB&amp;J in Campbell's chicken noodle soup.  Who gives a fuck about 'celebrities'. Fuck them and their yoga pants.  Because my job is extremely physical, and exhausting. I need to strengthen my knees, they are basically Arthritic and cause me constant pain, but I am so so tired after work, and the small exercises I have done slowly to try to strengthen them hurt so badly the next day I can't work properly. 

Oh what I wouldn't give to be in college. Pretty easy to work out when your daily physical output is just walking from class to class. 

I'm still trying.  Nope! I have known him far too long to do so. I can honestly say that he would not hit me with a car either :-) Don't worry, you're not missing anything. I can't decide between animals or meddle D: too good why do people do that? Do you have an androgen resistance? Raphaelov?  like full speed or just tap them with it? 

 MY NECK, MY BACK, MY PUSSY, AND MY CRACK!  I haven't heard it, I'll give it a listen some time though. Isn't going to public school enough to teach you small talk and networking. Like 99% of my social skills were developed by interacting with class mates.  ?? &gt; This reminded me of those ~~awful~~awesome pants When it's cold outside. Donate some blood, duh. That's fair enough, and I understand what you mean. I should also note I really *want* to like their stuff, so I'm pre-disposed to give it extra chances.

Still, there are some songs that still have never quite caught my ear despite repeated listenings, so from my perspective I think my original point still stands. There's something to be said for deep listening, and far too many listeners are too quick to write off new stuff without exploring it first.  If my current relationship ever ends I will willingly take a break. If I want to be in a relationship it's because I get gratification for supporting somebody who would be worse off without me, but it's exhausting to do continuously. I sure hope so. I respect free speech, but it is pretty distasteful what we've been seeing recently Had a dream in which I was standing in my living room and my recently acquired toy sword that you can win at my county fair every year was sitting in the middle of the floor, unsheathed. It floated up and came toward me, swinging rapidly. I remember waking up and running into my parents room and from then until I was like 6 or 7 I had to sleep in the same room as my parents. Wasn't even that bad of a dream now. The ability to do intense activities, running, escaping, pursuing predators and prey is a huge evolutionary advantage to animals that have a constant rate of speed for escape or chase.

It allows you to get far more food for energy you need, and stay alive longer, than if you didn't have that advantage.  Since we can build muscle when needed and lose muscle when needed, it gives us advantages that we can use a lot of our own body for food in times of starvation and store energy when there's a surplus.
 If it was a plastic fork, no worries unless you start to get stomach pains or something. If it was a metal fork, go to the doctor and maybe also get DNA tested for some kind of super-enamel mutation.  Butt or Buck naked are applicable from what I understand. Personally I use butt.
http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/101053/what-is-the-origin-of-the-phrase-buck-naked

However the other is nip it in the bud as an old English phrase
http://www.phrases.org.uk/meanings/256600.html My brother, who is 31, creeps on 18 and 19 year olds.  I have an old phone of his with texts still on it, and its rather disturbing. Sucker, he didn't say which Tuesday. ^^Tuesday^2087 68 Year old man living in his parents basement, fucking pies. I would watch that movie.  Mixology.  Only if you promise to post salary in the job ad, not hire for a 39 h/wk insurance-free job, and not make me sit thru a soul-shattering mockery of an intreview. it's taken I had a crazy GF. She used to call it "Darth Vader" and play with it like it was an action figure. Missing someone that doesn't miss you back fucking sucks. Family Works Together to Break Pluto's Leg At Disneyland! Beat Dat Beat (It's Time To) by DJ Pauly D Uncharted 4! I don't care if the games are repetitive, they're fun as fuck, look great and play smoothly. OooooOOOOoOOoooOOh. I think finding out that Jerry was a scumbag would be devastating to a lot of people, including me. Maybe he's got plenty of female nudes? Yes. I love you.  As a Brit that's fairly normal. We call it a chip butty (anyone who says chip balm or chip batch is wrong). Well, in a couple of hours I'm going on my sort-of-monthly shopping spree with a friend of mine. So, that. Hopsin - Sag my pants. While I sag my pants. My left shoulder. Ah yes, completely debunked! The rain. 

I live in Tacoma, Wa and I live the rain. I fucking miss it, like withdrawal style, during the summer/fall. I need it. Soothes my troubled soul. 

And for those of you who are readying to bitch about rain in wa, just remember that the yearly total is less than in New York state, among other places. We want the whiners to believe that it rains so much here, you'd never be able to handle it.  I, personally, am not concerned with how much money it made you. But I would like to know how many people you believe read it and if any of them tried to contact you, the author. Any thing else you can provide I would love to hear anne oldman. You're also supposed to instruct people to take off their clothes, if they say,"it's getting hot in here". even though we went to the same high school, we never ended up actually meeting by playing league of legends with mutual friends.

tldr; I was the bottom lane to his top I don't feel human until I shower. On the rare occasions that I go out into society without showering, I feel disgusting. Definitely ,I can buy few more BFFs with that kind of money . lol. A square is a rectangle but a rectangle isn't a square. My index finger was rebuilt over 4 surgeries since an injury at birth, so my bone is very close to the tip of my finger. I can "knock" with the tip of my finger like I'm knocking on a door with a fist of knuckles. I'm just going to put this here. http://youtu.be/hFHuZah1nCk Dance for your dollar monkey, Dance!  Which state are you in??  But anybody can pay for good production. Some seasons also have an overall plot arc.  Why don't you just not drink coffee? The only point of coffee is that it has caffeine that'll wake you up in the morning. 

If it's decaf, you might as well just drink water or some juice.  Pffft.... get with the times. The true thugs are blasting Serial these days.  I feel like if I tried that it would all end up in my shoe. I will play Migos on occasion just to really grind peoples gears. Working at a hotel I see and hear a lot of stuff. Prostitutes and such. 

 Hmm somewhere between Darude and Sandstorm  They weren't sprinting all of the time. I mean, if that's what you're into. I don't know you so I can't say yes or no to that factoid. Graze my arm.  I'd let Hurley from Lost take a dump on my face after he ate an entire tub of mayo. I know he's got the money I just have to figure out the right way to ask. I can hear up to 16 and I'm not sure if it's my headphones or my ears that fail after that. Bad Religion "Fuck You" It's about the love of circlejerking.  I think people just assume warm places are sunny.  your ma said no charge this year.  Mmmmmmmmmm. I always thought this was bullshit and people just being close-minded and douchey.

Then I moved in with someone who idolizes Monroe... /r/SquredCircle is leaking again Look i already answered many questions please try to understand what im saying without jumping into conclusions, No why would i believe that, you can believe in whatever you want, you can be whatever you want, dude you can draw anything you want okay freedom of press says so right and i understand that and i think it is fair, what i dont understand is why would you specifically choose a subject that you know it will piss people off and do a mockery out of it, dont get me wrong i condemn the killings i dont believing hurting anyone myself, i try to live my life in peace without hurting or offending anyone i just dont understand how it is too much for me to ask you to not draw the image of someone who i strongly believe he is sacred to me. 

Look there freedom of speech right, that means i can say whatever i want but do you believe it is wise to go up to someone who clearly overweight and telling them they are fat, there is no laws stopping you doing this but do you ethically believe it is wise to do that? It just upsets me when i see people mocking about my religion.  "Hey, how do you feel about your guitar tone here?" 

"My what?"  Thank you! I'm sure anyone who runs into this problem will appreciate it Oh fuck, this happened to me at a sushi place.

It was an allyoucaneat place but with pretty good fish (believe it or not). I ordered my first platter, which was about 12 pieces, and the chef HANDS IT TO THE WRONG GUY! I was like "Wtf?" The guy he gave it to ate the whole damn thing, and didn't even notice it wasn't.

Sooner or later the chef noticed and facepalmed.  But how could the chef be that stupid! We were the only two people at the fucking bar! My fat wife discovered that 3 inches is not average sized :(

Calls me Pee-Wee now. I was in the top 100 for high scores in Geometry Wars 3 when it came out Your standards are way too high dude... They can't be much older than babies! And yet my brother is driving. Where the hell does time go? Conan O'Brien Started smoking cigarettes and marijuana. I didn't like either.  Yeah by the looks of things it's heart is in the right place but it seems very Lad banter orientated...  Gotta say, that was a good one. But luckily for you she's a MILF! If I was a carrot An extremely popular youtuber who was one of the first to do that fast cut style. He would shoe 3 internet videos and comment on them. I remember watching a lot for a while and I subscribed but they were really too similar. But not too bad. Just keep telling him those beats are dope. How to use a phonebook Damn, that's the whitest answer ever.  In the hospital. Professionally? Absolutely.  Barring something you literally have no idea how to do, it feels good to extend yourself. Telling yourself how *awesome* you are really helps get over what are really minor hurdles. We know more than we think we do, and half of doing your job well is trusting that you can figure that shit out and get it done.  If a challenging project comes up, apply yourself and you'll surprise yourself. If it turns out to overwhelm and you start to fail, examine your actions and work on a plan. If it is hopeless, get help. But stick around. Always be open to learning.  Cups  Phrase "Could care less of".
 I had a paper route when I was young as my dad thought it would build morale. I hated it sooooo much and he would not let me quit. The days I refused to do my paper route he would do it for me which would make me feel so guilty I'd start doing it again. The man would not let me quit, so I started dumping 75% of the papers I was supposed to be delivering into a garbage can at a nearby park. It took literally four months of this before I was fired. Its really hard to get fired from a paper route. Close, but no. [air horns at the ready boys](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNr6Yi_D4HE) Why? Its one if the most natural things. I know we are all different and i am just asking to better my understanding. I will pass this on to my mom, she recently decided to go to college to be a paralegal "i wanna fuck you so hard" Mr.Milkbox I'm a guy but everyone always thinks I'm pissed off :( I'm a nice person  Yeah Christ killers get out of our lands !!!

You remind me of that h(z)ero with half a mustache

:) I get emotional sometimes. A sad episode of a cop drama was on TV. Someone died, it was sad.  No, they seriously don't teach it. I graduated high school about 5 years ago and the most I got was a rudimentary macroeconomics course. I didn't (formally) learn a thing about personal finance, budgeting, taxes, investments (bonds, stocks, etc...), how insurance works, or present worth and the time value of money until college. They literally shove supply and demand down your throat for a semester in free enterprise, and then you move on to civics as part of the social studies curriculum.  No, I'd just punch the person who suggested I do that in the face.  Around 60 km/h I guess so; just in case you don't have Shazam I'll just say my name somewhere in the song, or multiple times throughout the song. What a shitty contribution this is I don't think sharing a toothbrush is really comparable to double-dipping or sharing a cup. I mean a one-off is no big deal, I've done it before as well, but if a couple had one toothbrush between the two of them I would find that pretty unhygienic and disgusting.  ###AH AH AH YEAH I'm going to call it now. There will be a ratio of four questions like this for every one attempt to answer the question. The ending of 50 / 50  OMG I literally just read about that like two comments ago! 

I'm scared (_) (_) ()
 This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.

*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Yeah buddy!  "Dale!" A $19.99 Steam gift card No awww shie.... A nice long piss "Best purchase" depends on how you measure "best". Let's try this out:

**1) Best Purchase by Utility::Price**

*1a) Chrome messenger bag* - Cost $120 new and I've practically lived out of it for half of the past 2 years. Comfy to carry and holds 2 weeks worth of stuff to live, groom, and be productive. Also makes an excellent trail bag. No signs of wear at all yet despite daily use.

*1b) Spyderco pocket knife* - Cost $20 new, used daily, holds a good edge, but cheap enough that I wouldn't feel bad if I were to lose it.

*1c) Norelco-Philips Bodygroomer* - $60 new, has out-lasted multiple relationships, trims hair everywhere.

**2) Best Purchase by Happiness::Price**

*2a) Schecter guitar* - Was $800 new, but in the 12 years since purchasing it's already come out to $0.10/hour of entertainment. Minimal maintenance has been needed.

*2b) A box of crayons* - $10, way more fun than 2/3 of a movie ticket.

*2c) Laptop* - Works out to way less than $3/day and tends to earn their price back several times over.

**3) Best Purchase by Other's Happiness::Price**

*3a) Crayons* - Coloring is a social activity, dammit.

*3b) Lunch* - People tend to feed you if you feed them first, and they like you more when they aren't hangry. Let a homeless man piss on your face? A new Redditor joins the site, and is delighted by all that he sees. During his browsing, he encounters an amusing image that he has never seen... and is dismayed when another user shrieks about it being a repost.

"Well," the new Redditor replies, "*I* haven't seen it, so it doesn't matter!"

Days pass, and the Redditor continues his electronic journey. Then, one evening, he encounters the same image, and the same complaints of it being a repost.

"Well," the new Redditor answers, "*I* might have seen it, but *other people* may not have!"

Still more time passes, and the Redditor becomes well acquainted with much of the site's content. As he continues browsing, he encounters the same image *yet again*, along with still another person decrying its recycled nature.

"Well," the Redditor thinks, "*I've* seen it, and a lot of other people have also seen it... and now that I think about it, the person sharing it really only seems interested in karma. Still, I'll keep my mouth shut."

Exactly a year later, the Redditor's Cake Day arrives. He logs into the site... and sees the same reposted image.

"That does it!" the Redditor shouts. "This is clearly not being shared for its entertainment value, but for an easy karma-grab! It's not original, and the person posting it is acting as though they made it! Henceforth, I am *only* going to offer things that *I made*, and I'd encourage everyone else to do the same!"

In response, another user - one who had just joined the site - replies: "Well, *I* haven't seen it, so it doesn't matter!" Nobody likes your question, Blake.  I agree, but sometimes I like to watch movies so that I don't have to read. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/oWQggFK.jpg)
Because this guy might of been the imposter  Thanks dad. All you left me with was this shitty Nigerian facial hair Proper masturbation of a PE teacher. I could never get it just right. &gt;Last weekend my friend accidently discovered this song and we had a good chuckle over his ridiculous it is

Fuck me I'm old.


 If you ate part of a stainless steel fork, you got some good teeth there, m8.  Marry me I'd even back over him after I hit him... lol Google Pet Urine Smell. Bet there's a product. I hadn't heard of indigo girls before your comment so I went and looked them up. I was expecting something like metal or punk since you used the word blast... I feel lied to.

How could you? You only turn down for sleep or the police  If I'm not mistaken, armadillos can actually transmit leprosy. Though uncommon, I wouldn't want to handle one, especially not around food.  There were guns? Jo momma. Married? Obligatory "Make eye contact to insert dominance... yadda yadaa" Clean your room.  Now. A guy named "I Am The Beast Six Six Six of the Lord of Hosts in Edmond Frank MacGillivray Jr. Now. I Am The Beast Six Six Six of the Lord of Hosts IEFMJN. I Am The Beast Six Six Six of the Lord of Hosts. I Am The Beast Six Six Six of the Lord of Hosts OTLOHIEFMJN. I Am The Beast SSSOTLOHIEFMJN. I Am The Beast Six Six Six. Beast Six Six Six Lord" sued the Michigan State Police for violating his civil rights. He doesn't even have to poop!  Fighting parents=ragefilled music. And alot better than angels and airwa.....i mean green da.....sum41 Same in pre-school. That is *not* what I was expecting... I love rain because it doesn't rain too often where I live. But since it doesn't rain often, I have this romanticized idea of what it's like, a comforting sound when I'm include that magically doesn't cause me any inconvenience when I'm outside. Like I'll get e excited about the forecast but then be surprised when I get soaked on my run. I knew our was gonna rain, it just didn't occur to me it could happen, like, while I'm running. But really running in the rain isn't too bad I've been drinking tap water in various cities Southern California for over 25 years... tastes fine to me.

 Lassie NO BLUE WHALE BLOWIES Triceps have a larger muscle belly than biceps, pushups build triceps, therefore being better for arm development. 

The bigger concern is becoming kyphotic from overdeveloped anterior shoulder musculature.  I felt the same way about most of In Flames's albums, even though they aren't even close to the same kind of music. I saw them,  Opeth, and Red Fang a few weeks back live and they were great but I still don't listen to a ton of their stuff because I don't like most of their studio work.  It is buck naked people!

I mean, it's not important, but let's at least get it right. For the day my boyfriend can leave his wife  Mainer here. Laughed my ass off when I visited Texas this November.  thats it. until proven otherwise, im assuming male porn stars have no butts. hmm, like with only that info ? I'll "hit" her at 1 km/h and spend it with her Satire is not bullying.

Bullying is almost always coercive via threat of harm. 

Satire never threatens to do harm. 

It goes right out and does it, to the person or organizations public perception. 

Since satire typically addresses powerful institutions, or people who have already done harm to others, or are about to,  those same organizations or people have signed up for the risk of satire when they did the harmful things to others. 

Example - a local politician got upset because his name was used in an article and told the newspaper to never use his name without permission.  

This comes under the heading of "powerful but oblivious" 

---  The paper's response

Frederick News-Post Editorial Board | Posted 3 days ago

Knowing Councilman Kirby Delauter as we do, we weren't surprised that he threatened The Frederick News-Post with a lawsuit because we had, he says  and we're not making this up  been putting Kirby Delauter's name in the paper without Kirby Delauters authorization. Attorneys would be called, Kirby Delauter said.

In fact, we spent quite some time laughing about it. Kirby Delauter, an elected official; Kirby Delauter, a public figure? Surely, Kirby Delauter can't be serious? Kirby Delauters making a joke, right?

Round about then, we wondered, if its not a joke, how should we now refer to Kirby Delauter if we can't use his name (Kirby Delauter)? Could we get away with an entire editorial of nothing but Kirby Delauter repeated over and over again -- Kirby Delauter, Kirby Delauter, Kirby Delauter? OK, imagine we agreed because of temporary madness or something funny in the water that week, how would we reference "Kirby Delauter" and do our job as journalists without running afoul of our lack of authorization?

Blanks? Sure, we sometimes use hyphens in the case of expletives. Perhaps we could do that: "K---- D-------." Or, perhaps, "Councilman [Unauthorized]." We giggled a bit more than we should have when we came up with "the Councilman Formerly Known as Commissioner Kirby Delauter," which doesn't seem as funny written down in black and white and includes his name, which defeats the point. Maybe we should just put his initials, "KD," with an asterisk to a footnote (KD*), or refer to him as GLAT, the acronym for his campaign: "Govern Like A Taxpayer." We could even make it sound a little hip-hop with a well-placed hyphen: G-Lat. Speaking of, could we get away with "K-Del"? Or we could simply go with the Harry Potter-esque "He Who Shall Not be Named." (Cue the lightning strike and peal of thunder.)

Yet we could take the low road down even further and childishly mangle "Kirby Delauter" into references you, the reader, would still understand. "Sherbert Deluder," say. Or "Derby Kelauter." "Shirley Delaughter" (and don't call me Shirley). We found a great automatic online anagrammer that generated all kinds of alternatives and could make it a challenge for our readers to decode each time we have to reference the councilman: "Rebuked artily." That was a good one. "Bakery diluter" is just silly but does have a ring about it. "Keyed rural bit" was another that caught our eye as somewhat telling, because Kirby Delauter's pretty keyed up. We're sure there's a joke in "Brutelike Yard" somewhere.

Discernibly, though, Kirby Delauter's ignorance of what journalism is and does is no joke, and illustrates one disturbing aspect too prevalent in conservatives beliefs: That the media are all-liberal stooges hell bent on pursuing some fictional leftwing agenda. Generally this "fact" is bleated when the facts on the ground differ from conservative talking points. Take Councilman Billy Shreve's abstract, almost nonsensical defense of KD*: "I think media outlets are cowards and they hide behind the label of journalists and that's a bully pulpit to expand their liberal agenda. Cowards? Tell that to the families of the 60 journalists killed in 2014, or the 70 in 2013, or the 74 who died in 2012, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists. All in pursuit of the truth, or the most reliable version of it at hand in the most dangerous regions of the world.

Edifying as it may be to lapse into name calling -- and yes, we allowed ourselves a little childishness above and maybe a little bit below -- we need to make one serious point the councilman needs to hear and understand: We will not bow to petty intimidation tactics because a local politician thinks he can score political points with his base throwing around empty threats.

Legally, Kirby Delauter has no case.

And why? Here's how Washington Post blogger Eugene Volokh, who "teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law," nicely sums it up:

Uh, Council Member: In our country, newspapers are actually allowed to write about elected officials (and others) without their permission. Its an avantgarde experiment, to be sure, but weve had some success with it." You know, that whole First Amendment thing. I have, well used to have at least, something called pectus carinatum which is a condition where your diaphragm pertruded causing a bump in the chest. But this past summer I was the first person in Canada to undergo a procedure that would straighten it out. So now I have a metal bar that goes from one side of my chest to the other. I get it out in two years so it's pretty much braces for my chest.

Here's the video of the surgery. NSFW!! 2:20 is where the fun starts http://vimeo.com/103930437 My 14 year old cousin is obsessed with Black Veil Brides. It's terrifying.  School is an absolute cake walk compared to life.  To get 500 gold from this post  Yes dear? Nah i just got /r/actuallesbians vibes.  Asian here; We make it official by asking them so when the question havent been thrown out, then its not a bf/gf relation. So...um....are selfie sticks actually a real thing? I thought it was a joke. Wendy's on Halloween at 1:30 in the morning. She was a walk of shame. I was Guy Fieri. The nuggets were delicious. Life Unexpected, personally. I've always thought that suffering from vertigo/nausea is one of the worst things that can happen to you. Just imagine the world spinning fucking around and you not being able to stop it.  Jealous of the baby I guess... :P Working at bookstore.  He bought a calender and I asked him what his favorite planet was.  I could tell he had a girlfriend.  A few weeks later, they had broken up and he was driving by the store and he felt a strong compulsion to turn around.  He says he knew that he would regret it if he didn't.  He came in and asked me out for tea.  The rest is history. One time, this guy asked me for my name and I gave him the real one. He accused me of lying and demanded my real name so i changed it the second time...he shoulda believed me Enjoy not having arms.  ~~Bill Cosby~~ because you said "Serious!!" with two exclaimation points but were not observant or thoughtful enough to click on the BUTTON that SAYS "serious" DIRECTLY under the "Ask A New Question" button and expect people to take you seriously and to take time, thought, and energy to answer your question when you won't do us the courteousy of asking a meaningful question in a thoughtful, well-considered way. I doubt you even read over your text before submitting it.  Hasn't don't me any good...  Maybe. I don't know him personally. Agreed, I don't care if the games are repetitive, they're fun as fuck, look great and play smoothly. Make it absurdly obvious that I am home. I'd probably start singing at the top of my lungs. They'd hear me and, most likely, leave because they thought the house was empty. Where do you live? Like what state Because it wasn't a candy bar? Suing anyone. 

I work in the firearms industry.  Groups like police departments routinely place large orders then refuse to pay when they come in.  Big purchasers want net30 and don't pay till 3-4 months later, if you're lucky.  But if you sue, even a suit to enforce, no one will ever do biz with you again.  Condoms. ~(~)  

That's me doing the hula.  One of my shoulder blades is larger than the other. I really don't know why, it just is.

I've also had dark circles under my eyes for a few years now, and I sleep for a good amount of time. I don't know why. Interesting opinion, but how would this even be taught? To me everyone deals with these things in their own ways.  Onions And if you have an iphone with headphones.... win. Take notes kids this is your future. Kazoo based rape threat.  If he was forsure going to kill me, I'd say the chest hoping he'd be a sick fuck and deny my final request. I really love going to lunch alone (because I ***really*** despised most people in my school, they were all just massive idiots) but then I always felt awkward as if everyone was looking at me. For me, it's the word "lotion". I have no problem with lotion. I have used lotion more than a few times in my life (no, not for what you think). But I'll be damned if I don't gag every time I even think about that word.  As a Robert Smith-kin Yes, and there is a band named it.  &gt;  it doesn't take up that much time

In the last traffic jam I was stuck in, it took me half an hour to go .4 miles.  My 92-year-old grandmother walks faster than that. That would buy like 300 games When I pee, my eyes water and tears stream down my cheeks. At least we don't need to be serious this time. Same for remakes. I love both the old and new Evil Dead because they are both gods in their own ways.  Robert Downey Jr. It would just seem like such a waste for him to be a dickbag.  Uno dos tres quatro cinco cinco sies Personal finance. The effects of compounding interest

Dispelling of common misconceptions.

Basic computer/auto repair.
 they can be had at that price here in kentucky, but 3.65 - 4.75 is more common. I can understand it from my point of view, considering my filler neck is so messed up that it takes me 15-20 minutes to put $40 in my car I want to do something other than complain about how cold my hands are and that I'm going to fix the issue, so next time to give them some justice pay attention to how long they're there at the pimpt Canada's because it's the one I heard the most growing up. fleshlights My dad's heritage. Both of his parents were apparently British with dark features (dark hair, dark eyes, etc). My dad was a tall white dude with blonde hair and blue eyes. After he died we found some pictures of a random Swedish (I think?) woman and no one knows who she is. I'm wondering if he was adopted or something Slow down As a SysAdmin I spend so much time googling. I checked the certificate and it says how many times you visited a site, and for Google it was over 7,000 times. The shooter rejects, no grazing shots Once I had become accustomed to my lifestyle, I found I prioritize some materialistic items regardless of price that most of my not so high school friends say they wouldn't buy regardless of money. I'm personally more of a fan of Pigs, but Dogs is equally amazing. It's just that the final solo on Pigs kills me everytime. It was over something dumb. The dude I like told me he knew a relationship with me would never work. It felt like bullshit. Woo! I hope Sean Murray gets some recognition after the release (outside of the gaming culture of course, he's famous within now). It has become a universal and important industry and I bet everyone could be benefit from hearing about his revolutionizing ways. I'm sick of people disregarding gaming as a serious form of technology and simply labelling it as kids' stuff. Tech geniuses come of different kinds. well we haven't drawn up the paperwork yet, good catch, here's a dolla Even Meteora? I downvoted you before i upvoted you because I like to think the effect is the cause but youre right  First AskReddit question- now properly formatted. Thank you Shadowwokie
 You don't? Why not make that some day as far away as possible? Fucking ignorant chaps  I'm Awesome by Spose

Or

I'm an Asshole by Denis Leary And the weddings ever since. Consistent employment is big. If there are gaps on your timeline, only include start dates so it looks continuous. They MIGHT toss your resume if they catch it, but it's more likely that they'd toss it for containing obvious gaps instead of glossing over dates.  That's an easy $10,000.  &gt; gluten free douches are horrible, shoving their bullshit beliefs down everyone's throat

Seems like the only jackwagons around here are the antis.  All I ever hear about gluten is how people who go gluten free are "fucking retarded."  That's it.  The rest of us have to silently suffer and pretend like we can still eat a real fuckin pizza.

The worst part is that you assholes would love to shove some bagels down our throats to make yourselves feel better, but you wouldn't be willing to stick around for the goddamn afterparty.  Put your money where your mouth is.  Or better yet, let's put my black and green diarrhea where you mouth is.  And then kiss my bloated fucking belly with your dirty diarrhea mouth.  Fucking pseudo-science hypocrites, the lot of you.

You want to know why people are starting to think there's a conspiracy?  Because they're B12 deficient and your mouth-foaming diatribes are fucking *unnatural.* Ooh that happens to me. I'll feel it in my ankle or the arm a lot. First time I felt it in my stomach was terrifying though because the bets were very deep and rapid.  How am I pushing preferences? I'm stating my beliefs when questioned. 

You know who uses literally? People who can't express themselves. Learn how to express yourself and you'll stop saying literally. It's a place holder for a word they don't know, or because they don't want to shut their mouths for 5 seconds to gather their thoughts. yeah, they let us orgasm before finishing Thanks for asking. ^[obligatory] Silent Alarm, by Bloc Party Beholding the majestic infinity that is our universe and observing the order in almost all things and NOT believing there is some intelligent God out there baffles me. What? Can you please speak English? Soap. Go without it for a few days and you will appreciate it's value.  I do have to ask (and I know this thread is ancient in internet timelines) - where/when/how did guys think that sending a random dick photo would get them what they want??

I really don't understand humans anymore. I think I've seen a film about that... have this. and mine came with something called marfan's syndrome. In college we had a like 2 day seminar about operational security (IT) and how the ones with initials and family stickers can be used for social engineering. Granted I don't think it happens too often. Although there are times where I see "rebecca" on a window, and then the initials RMA on the back and a little stick figure family and I'll think to myself  "Based on nothing but your car I know: Your name, your initials, and how many sons/daughters/pets you have. All I have to do is stand behind you at jc penny while you give your email address and i have a pretty good chance of guessing one of your security questions." Since my best friend is also my fiercest track-day competitor, I can say I not only would do this, but I have. Was just a wee nudge.

Where's my check? "Hey man, can I have 10,000$?" Nobody mentioned Evolve.  Is this game going to suck so bad nobody is talking about it?  I think it sounds fun, especially that multiplayer I feel like the new season o South Park is sort of requiring you to watch the past episodes. I've only seen a few episodes of this season, but I've missed out on a couple of jokes because they referenced a past episode. Storm the gates of hell - Demonhunter **Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.

If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods! 

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* have a good night then for your time zones :) I just punched a new hole in the ozone layer. Crazy guy getting angry about normal air travel stuff and yelling at the flight crew. For a bonus he was on both of our connecting flights.  Yes he does. I mean it's my life story about the "not caring" lol.  But I have a friend who is a radical liberal and an atheist and i'm not overly liberal or conservative but I am an atheist.  My father is a conservative and an atheist but he's so balls deep in his beliefs that he doesn't believe my dad can be a republican and an atheist.  He also doesn't believe how on my dad's side of the family there are a bunch of Irish Catholic Liberals basically running the county we live in.  He's right and wrong at the same time and is so clouded he can't accept any point of view that conflicts with his own.  He's a smart guy too so he's super zealous despite his outward insecurities when it comes to everything else. Me too!  I did the same thing. Butt naked, and nip it in the bud Memory lane-Nas That... That's good. Shit.  I find satire to be intimidating when I don't understand it... ;-)  Johnny Cash singing 25 Minutes To Go while I get sucked into a black hole while eating pancakes. Last time I flew United. Never again. Just full of disgusting entitled, rude Americans with no manners. ...and that's just the flight attendants.  Is he 6' 6" or 6' with a big dong? Tou-fuckin-ch I am one of the world's best at making outrageously unlikely claims about how good I am at something.

I'm also in the top 300 most searched user on karmalb and my old account is in the top 60, so I guess that's a nice, completely insignificant stat. A bag. Go over to nosleep, anything anyone says is assumed to be true. Everyone supports everyone, and no one ever questions why they believe/support each other.  Eh, I'd probably go see if I could sell them and get 30 clowns and a liter of orange soda, see if I can get 5,000,000 dollars from a rich relative...

MOSCOW 2018 HERE I COME
 Start by telling them your location. If you're on a highway, keep track of the mile markers while driving. Yuck.  I didn't need to know that there is a song in existence that features BOTH of these idiots.  I also don't need the puke aftertaste that resulted from trying to imagine the sound.  Thanks! Every episode is so good, well acted, great script, it definitely should have gotten more seasons  Uncharted 4, Zelda, Battlefront, MGS hnnnng Start a blog about really cool environmental topics and processes to promote conversation, understanding and action. I'm not even sure why I don't just start one already, Worse case scenario: no one reads it and no one ever knows I did it, or everyone hates and they still never know it was me.  That is really sweet of her. It reminded me of all the really awesome customers I had when working at various retail and food service places. I'll never forget the bible study group that stayed late (with my permission of course) while I closed down the coffee shop. Always tipped and made jokes with me. One time there was a really creepy drunk guy hanging around who wouldn't leave and they pulled me aside and said they would stay till he left and to let them know if I wanted them to call the police or anything. They all stood around and basically glared the guy out of the store. When I told them I was quitting they each tipped me $20 and gave me a card thanking me for being so nice. They were such awesome people. People like that can make such a difference. I always try to be one of them when I walk into a store. Um... "fuck the police"? I'm don't care, but if it makes others uncomfortable then it's impolite. That's only if it's blatantly out there, if the mother is being modest then I can't see why people would get uncomfortable. During the 1400's or so. I love reading about the Wars of the Roses. I had to know a lot about the context when I was studying Shakespeare's Richard III. translate that to US MPH please?  Does your mom you're on the computer this late? i'm all over this I do have to ask (and I know this thread is ancient in internet timelines) - where/when/how did guys think that sending a random dick photo would get them what they want??

I really don't understand humans anymore.
 I have infinite sets of wisdom teeth. A new upper set grows in every 2 years or so, and have to be extracted. So is it like that episode of house where that beautiful model turned out to technically be a male when she had feminine features? Linkin Park fucking sucks. Thanks for asking. ^[obligatory] Weeds already illegal in most places huehuehuehue That why I would love it I've been mentally creating a story about me getting super powers. It's gotten incredibly detailed and I pretty much fall asleep thinking about it every night, so I'd just have an incredibly long conversation about it with him.....me.  Ironically I am a "Ford" guy but I drive an old 1988 Suburban. I even did an engine swap with a new 350 three years ago.  It is a very reliable vehicle.  I pulled it out of a field with my Jeep 12 years ago.  It had been put to pasture, but now I can't kill it.  Having said that, there is no excuse for company A to require a bailout while company B makes sacrifices to succeed.  If these two companies were children, what lessons would they have learned and which one would most likely be sucessful in the future? i call it "riverdance pose"

flat on my back with one foot on one knee...

it creates a little space for my cat. Not really the song, but the thong song music video on Carson Daily's Top 10 on MTV... The Egyptians used mammoths to build the pyramids.  If stuck in a vehicle in cold weather, do not just run it continually to use the heater.  When you do run it, intermittently, check to make sure that the exhaust pipe is clear of snow, etc.  Carbon monoxide is bad. How do you go about life *not* bringing up the Thong Song that often?  If I don't have 2 conversations a day that mention it, it's unusual. I think spirituality can mean almost anything and is a pretty useless word. And I've become so numb... &gt; The man is a tryhard

Curious, how often do you say that?

I don't know why but that has been a line my friends and I have started using and I don't know why.

Example, when one of us starts dominating in Smash Bros?

"Look at this tryhard. Relax and have some fun man, enjoy the game." Invite them to join. Unless they're black. Then they can just dry me off. Allergic to mushrooms haha

But, I've been smoking a lot more weed lately. More weed = less cigarettes. And it's easier for me to come off weed than smokes. So I've been replacing cigarettes with a bong hit instead and it's starting to work. I've gone from 25-30 to 10 a day now :D Why just a girl? Can't boys use concealer? "This is Old Country Buffet" The entire movie is some old geezers fighting over the good tables during the early bird special.   I've gotten this myself, but more of "why do you worship the devil?"  its the complications Isaac Asimov I have no issue with it. I think people have such a hard time with it because breasts have been so sexualized in our culture that people sometimes forget what their primary purpose is.  JUST SINGIN' AND CLAPPIN' MAN, WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED?  Ha. I was a little confused when this page showed. I wanted to read that article! &gt; Since one generation after the dawn of dicks

 Pseudoscience, yo.

The entire purpose of a polygraph is to make you confess. They don't actually detect lies. Faggot. As in OP is. When I was a kid I remember seeing this funnel shaped spinning cloud with spikes sticking through it every which way. Now I live in tornado alley, so that wouldn't have been weird itself. The strange thing was that it wasn't attached to any other cloud mass, it was just alone in the clear sky. I'm pretty sure the spikes were contrails, but the cloud... as the years have gone by sometimes I wonder if it was real at all. Sometimes you need to let things break so they take your advise on preventative maintenance seriously.
Then you fix it once they realize the impact. :) Hamilton roundabouts are built by the same people who build fucking skate parks. Oh and take one wrong turn and you are absolutely fucked. I drove from HB  to Raglan with the sole intent of avoiding Hamilton. Where did I end up. Fucking Te Rapa. It is like the Death Star. As a recent Mac grad I have to say at this point the Hammer is a more appealing city than BUrlington/Oakville. Hamiltons starting to gentrify and you can get good homes cheap downtown. BUrlington/Oakville is just blah and you need a car to get literally anywhere. Only did it once my Junior year in high school. I figured the best way to find my friends was to play "The Safety Dance" on my phone and skip down the hall. I found them real quick. Made my math teacher laugh too! thank you for sharing.

If you don't mind me asking, was there anything your friends/family did that helped you feel any better? I meant travelling to the year 3000 or something. Sorry for not being clear. I'd chip in a few bucks to your kickstarter to make this happen. How to do your taxes, and how to invest money. Mainer here. 40 degrees is swimming weather. And I agree, the number of fellow Mainers complaining about shoveling snow is more annoying than the actual shoveling. It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again. 

* **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**

* **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/needadvice**

* **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**

* **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**

Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.

If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* That was a lot harder to read than I expected.  I know that feeling... My eyes water all the time. My boss thinks I'm such a little bitch because it frequently happens when he's lecturing me.  If you'd be devastated by any celebrity being a scumbag you're idealizing them wrong. You're supposed to appreciate whatever they're talented at and perhaps want the ensuing success that talent brings, not what they are as a person. Most sports players a jerks, but you don't want to be them you just want and/or appreciate their athletic skill. [Nighttime... daytime... nighttime... daytime...](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ln2Xq8fCNI8) Don't Indonesia and Malaysia also have Sharia Law? You're not assuming anything. You're right. People just don't talk about it because it's easier to just toss out some thinly veiled racism and hope nobody calls them out. Meteora is just as good IMO.  How the **fuck** have you not heard of the thong song before now? Dude! That movie came out in 08.  so 7 years ago.  And you should be happy I saved you from that. What is it about rap that makes people so fucking obnoxious? jacking off in the cafeteria Nicki Minaj - Stupid Hoe
Kid Cudi - Internal Bleeding
Meghan Trainor - All About That Bass
Drowing Pools - Bodies
Ester Dean - Drop It Low
Lil Wayne - 6 Foot 7
Justin Beiber - Baby
Billy Squier - The Stroke
Taylor Swift - Shake It Off


 I'd do it for a lot less than that. college These links is dope #deep DO YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT IS TO GIVE TO SLUTS A TICKET WHILE LISTENING TO COPS!? I'll settle for average lifespan If you've never watched the Jackie Evancho version, do. I also like the way Paul Pitt does it and Mark Vincent. stay away from that, it's about the biggest filth you can take. You have no idea what they use to cut up that stuff Jesus, I thought this was /r/News/ until the second sentence, you had me all riled up Eat out a homeless man's butthole? Those little door-stopper things that keep you from knocking holes in your walls when you open a door.  WalMart

1. They pay at least the minimum salary our government requires.
2. They provide jobs to people of all skill levels.
3. The employees choose to work there and may leave whenever they like.
5. They sell quality products to the public at low prices.
6. People in the community can chose to shop at a different store if they'd like.

I'm not qualified to say if Walmart is a great or even good store to work at, but I don't understand the strong hatred of it by some people on Reddit.  depends. some languages have been around for decades and will continue to be "If we start taking ground fire the aircraft may perform mild evasive maneuvers. If evading the ground fire requires more severe maneuvers we're shit out of luck because mild evasive maneuvers are all this aircraft is capable of." My dog died in my arms, then moments before he left, he licked my hand as if to say that everything would be alright. Then he was gone. I cried a lot that night. Hey, that's your opinion and you're entitled to it.  Immaculate conceptions everywhere!!!!!! That's a remarkable perspective, regardless of the religion. Much respect. I thought she stopped with the art after that whole church debacle.  You MONSTER! If I get shot in the hand, would my hand still work after? I feel like it would be the least painful place to get shot. Matter it does, Size? This should also include those dimwits who play at full  volume through their leaking headphones -  so in a quiet place (eg.  Elevator)  you can hear exactly which song is being played) What a coincidence I use twitter too. I drive a '76 El Camino All I got from reading your comment is that I want some garlic bread right now. National Anthem - Lana Del Rey

Sleepyhead - Passion Pit

Stop The World I Wanna Get Off With You - Arctic Monkeys

Arabella - Arctic Monkeys

Midnight City - M83 The actual thing you are meant to say is "sallallaho alaihi wasallam", which translates to "peace and blessings of allah be upon him".

Regardless of how close he is to god, he is still a man. Every single time we say his name, we say sallallaho alaihi wasallam after it and he receives blessings from god upon our humble request. We do this because we respect him.

If that still sounds stupid to you then that's fine What haha Ellen. Beautiful Soul... Jesse McCartney :') And the original radio transcripts accurately reflected the original radio show. He was never comfortable with that. [Thank you, Alien Blue.](http://i.imgur.com/CI91GaN.jpg) I work at Tower of Terror in Orlando. Guests do silly stuff all the time. A week or so ago somebody just straight up pooped in the queue. On top of that, only ONE guest told us about it. It was in a section of the queue that cast members only walk once at the end of the night. But one guest was like hey there's a poop back there. I half didn't believe him because he was the only person to tell us about it. I guess that counts as bizarre. Most of my stories would probably be classified as silly. Fuck.  As I'm lying in bed reading this Chai and ginseng tea was my go to! Ginseng tea is supposed to have a lot of health benefits? And may be an energy supplement but I'm not sure on that one.  Woah The Thong Song. Ho. Lee. Shit.

Awesome. You dog ;) Strategy would likely breakdown as follows.

2 Shooters: they would make most of the shots, score the points. Would usually stay on their side of the field.  
1 Rebounder: would get the balls on the rebound to a shooter.
Would almost exclusively stay around the key.
2 Defenders: would try to steal the ball and get them to the shooters.

Source: I participated in the FIRST Robotics Competition in 2012, where the [robot challenge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOXsdhZZSdM) was 3v3 basketball with 24 balls to be shot into hoops. In the elimination rounds at events, two robots would typically score all of the baskets, and the third would get balls from the opponents side and toss them over to their half of the field.
 Travis Austin. I like it. I'm in a position (of about 5 months) in which I am realizing that I know sooooo little about what I am supposed to be doing that it's infuriating. I want so bad to hate my training (and to a certain extent, I really do), but I also know that this is potentially a (very mentally painful) learning experience. It's a cross-roads, for sure.  Mountain and East gate are pretty alright. Really its just the downtown thats  a shithole and its getting a lot better. I'm grateful that my middle school teacher endowed us with the blessings of the critical thinking gods. Unimagine is fantastic, probably better than Ground Dweller.  And [No Parallels](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9XnrOad6mM) is probably my favorite song period.  macklemore thrift shop, but only when im poppin tags. I finally came out as gay. I went through a ton of shit when I was in the closet: trying to prove to myself I was straight, that I could have a wife and kids, etc. Then I finally thought coming out would be easier: THE GAY COMMUNITY (at least in Boston) IS TERRIBLE. Everyone sleeps around, is scared of the least bit of commitment, and only have sex never date. Not to be narcissistic, but I've been told I'm an at least semi attractive guy, thought more guys would want to get to know me. This is hell. "Damn I wish I could read" 

                        -- Black Guy I think there is a trick where you scrape your tongue on a spoon, let it dry and then sniff it. They are systemically impoverished but vote for politicians that want to gut social welfare programs.  The Final Countdown...

... to blowing up the moon. I've known a couple of the standard size. I still hate them. Dogs should not have an afro. To be fair the large ones are very smart and not annoying, they're just ugly. Quick question. Do you live in a small town? It softens calloused skin.  It works really well, actually.

It is not produced from urine, as one of my housemates thought.  She thought it was from horse pee.  It's made in a factory.

Source: I have some weird skin thing going on that baffled my dermatologist, but urea cream is working really well on it. Playing NWA Fuck the Police in front of the police That definitely looks like it's worth a shot; is the world worth exploring, or have you been too busy jumping between characters to notice?  Northern Nevada as a transporting FF/PM (many fat people here) MDMA does exactly this. Weed does this too Nanananana na I had PCS as a kid and used to get it once or twice a month and have to take the very short breaths or hold my breath until it would go away I pretty much grew out of it. I'm now in my 40s and between the ages of 18 and 40 I maybe of gotten five or six of the "attacks" 
The only thing I've ever worried about is mistaking the signs of an actual heart attack and me thinking it's just one of those pains again and that I need to hold my breath Remix by Skrillex I never liked holding babies because there's always the possibility that you could drop them.
Also when I was really young I'd have dreams that involved babies. Usually they'd die or something. I retired into reddit. I was out on long-term sick leave (seven months) &amp; then I retired. My daughter hooked me up with reddit.  What is stopping you from splitting the cash with your friend?  Win/win...
 When doing chest compressions for CPR, do them at the same rhythm as "another one bites the dust" You don't need to blow air in their mouths and you dont need to press down so hard their ribs crack What is it, the 80s? I didn't know people still did cocaine. You would rather run high res and only get 30 fps instead of toning down the res for a solid 60?
 That's what I was gonna say!  Inception. Cobb has to get home, not to his children, but because he bought those Smash Mouth tickets two years in advance and he can't miss that fucking show.  I'm a guy and I like to talk about my feelings. As a programmer, I love having a strong IT support to fix my computer. I really hate doing it and it is such a time waste on my part. Who are you? Who am I? As a line worker I can't imagine having to deal with the shit you drive through people deal with. I can't even wear the headset without getting pissed off much less have to pretend to be nice.  I am not trans, why would you assume that? What does the fox say Boxen I quite liked it, but if you're expecting another Metal Gear Solid you will be sorely disappointed. It's all about melee-combat focused action and you play as a cyborg ninja. The writing is goofy and stupid and blurs the line between intentional and unintentional comedy. It's by Platinum Games, so if you like their style you'll probably like Revengeance. Potatoes!! All kinds.  My brother just asked me what the Mid-West was over, and over again, that I though he was trying to be annoying, until I realized he was serious and I felt like a dick for snapping at him. **Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.

If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods! 

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* you noted the american revolution and speak english i'll assume anywhere you live is within 3 hours of me and you're being stubborn. I should probably know, but what is the origin of this song's meme-ry? I like my women how I like my Ferrarris. I dont have one. Fuck me.  They look like college humour branded kazoos simply. Snitch. Good chances there is at least one monetary reward out there for the people threatening you.  It's absolutely natural and good, and anyone who is put off by it can go punch themselves in the face. Yeah, that one's better ...but we're talking about people getting pissed at *anyone* using the font.

And even if they are designing graphics, who gives a fuck? What's wrong with the font? It's one of the easiest fonts in the world to read. Too soon /r/WhoWouldWin I'm like that, too. And then there are people who centre their whole life around meeting their friends every day and who can't accept you want some me-time. Can't we just accept that people are different? Hey not a problem, my name is Steve highway to hell in church.  At home because of a seriously ill pet, in the car because my kids were fighting  Did your Y button die Currently camping in the family room while on winter break.  I have procured a closet where I keep all my stuff.  "Jesus, this guy can fit big things in tight spaces." Get out and grab my fucking Glock .45 My dick seriously wont grow as I age.  Rick Astley - Never gonna give Did you also wear a fedora while sipping some redwine? It seems 'friends' only come around when they need computer help.. North American Scum by LCD Soundsystem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JrYzplQpbI
 Little do they know there are many more sub genres of electronic and it's not all just dubstep or trap that's electronic music. There's some really beautiful pieces. Drown out the Vuvuzelas. Is everybody getting fat? She was nonpracticing while her parents were quite religious. I didn't practice while in my own torn but when visiting I had to.  A home for our family :) I'm a blaster.  I blow shit up :) &gt;im not sure that he had sex with a 9 yr old

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aisha

&gt;thats a popular meme though

Religion is the most popular meme

&gt;america kills plenty of civilians too and there is a lot of of violence in america itself

&gt;the point of referring to other forms of tomfoolery is to demonstrate that damnable aspects of a place doesn't mean its all bad or that we should use guilt by association

I don't see how it makes sense to compare an idea/a meme to a geographical location.

&gt;i am assuming that the haters are westerners so i bring up their own countries and bad things going on there

You don't have to be a westerner to dislike Islam, and while things like murder and rape exist everywhere, things like suicide bombings and recorded beheadings are mostly unique to a group of people and they happen to be, no matter what country they are from, a member of  the same religion: Islam. Why do you hate people at the gym? Why do you hate the idea of people at the gym? 

It does help with depression. The pain is part of it, and lifting weights will change you as a person.  I just had a issue today with restoring a VM using Veeam. The backups are usually 50 to 80 megs a second, but the effing restores are only 2 megs a second. Any idea why it is so damn slow? I gave away my TV...  
However, CSI and all its spinoffs are a safe bet :) You seem like you would at least be open to some Prog Metal music so here I go.

&amp;nbsp;

1. Fortress - Protest the Hero
2. The New Mythology Suite - Symphony X
3. Images and Words - Dream Theater Also *I Ejaculate Fire*.  USA government own some aliens. Cookout represent! What part of NC do you live in?
 It's been a little under a year ago since I went on my first international flight. I was going from Cincinnati to Chicago and then jumping over to Seoul. I was going to study there for a semester, so I was pretty nervous. It was also my first time out of the US and I'd never really lived in a big city. Needless to say, sleep wasn't on the menu the night before I left.

5am rolls around and I get to the airport. I'm nervous, excited, happy, sad...so many feelings as my parents walked with me to the counter. All the booths are completely empty except one. The line was all the way out the door. Fuck...it was my line. All flights to Chicago cancelled due to the weather.

It's not that I didn't appreciate them looking out for our safety, but whenever you have such a big plan and spent such a large sum of money, you just kind of wish things go right...and then it doesn't. I was upset not at the airline (and especially not at the lady working at the counter), but I was just mad that things couldn't go right. 

I was patient with the lady working furiously to get me to Seoul. I made a few jokes and she made a few back. I think she was just happy not to have someone yelling at her face for once. She got me on my new route (Cincy -&gt; San Francisco -&gt; Tokyo -&gt; Seoul) It was about twice as long as my original plan and would make me arrive in Seoul after the university shuttle stopped running. 

I was mad at first, but by the time I left San Francisco, I was too excited and too exhausted to be angry. Consequently, I was also too excited to sleep. I was practically a zombie by the time I got to Seoul. Luckily I was assigned a "buddy" who came to my rescue at the airport and helped me not get ripped off on my cab fare.

**TLDR It's not that I don't appreciate the precaution, it's just so demoralizing for something to go wrong when you planned it months in advance for a very expensive trip. Feeling a bit down is perfectly acceptable to a certain extent, but I do understand you are probably referring to those who exceed that "certain extent."** Yeah, I'd be pretty upset to know him as anything other than the kindly neighbor he portrayed.   Something tells me he was genuinely awesome, however.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PI_9GegVoYk Will Smith - Wild Wild West  Got drunk and a party and fucked her brains out against a water heater.

Met her again 2 weeks later, pretended it never happened and started from scratch, we started dating about a month after that. I think that's where Lovin' Spoonful came from too, wasn't it? Or is that an urban legend? A little less than 40. Yep I'm getting it now yea we are playing WOW together. Do you wanna speak with her? Not for sure going to kill you, just going to shoot you once. Get a kazoo and video yourself smoking out of it and I'll mail you another kazoo that I smoked out of.  Stared them in the eyes and kept going  Hey ik im a random but if you ever wanna talk about it ive lost someone that close before just send me a pm and ill respond my heart goes out to you I join with pfcgos and FuckinMoldy in saying: I will be your friend. You serious? The whole chain or just one store?  Darude Shitloads of well-chosen used books. That's a long, slow death. Ugh. This one will forever make my heart hurt. 

 Im with you here buddy let's hope we get an answer. Ah me too! In first grade I wouldn't share my crayons with the girl sitting next to me, so she stabbed me with the pencil, which broke off in the top of my hand. I was terrified of my parents getting out the tweezers so I hid it for YEARS. I'm nineteen now and its still there under several layers of skin. Send myself a message on reddit... A Honda or Toyota.  wat Dicks can be hard. :/ Your post has been removed as it either violated [Rule 1 ](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) or [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:

* **Your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post.  Your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box.**

* **You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title.**

* **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**

Use the text box to explain your question if necessary (adding context or conditions), but do not use it to share an answer, add unnecessary context to the question or include your personal story. As the submitter, any answers or stories go in the comments section as a reply to the post. This is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked, and the submitter's answer, when voting.

Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.

[**When you've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox, message the mods for review and reapproval**](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;subject=Post%20Review%20Request&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;message=My%20post%20was%20removed%20under%20rule%201,%20please%20review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2rtxhi/how_to_adjust_to_overnight_shifts/) and ask the moderators to re-approve it.


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* Come on, up on the mountain isn't too bad... right? I'd have to find it to get a picture of it. It was Marty McFly's hat from Back To The Future 2.  You've crossed the line, buddy Try Allen Toussaint or Elvis Costello. There are a lot of different styles of jazz so keep trying until you find something you like,  it'll be well worth the effort.  It's not like, say, auto mechanics, who have a flat-rate book they consult. Figuring out what to charge depends on, among other things, who and what the client is, what they're worth and how important (i.e., revenue- or prestige-producing) your writing would be to them. There is some seat-of-the-pants judgement involved. As in any business, it helps to know your market. Sounds like a cool DLC, but I think Americana is an important aspect. It really bugs me when people tell me that I am perverted, or gross for wanting to feed my child naturally from my own body.

It is all cool if a chick wants to breast feed in public, but when a guy goes to dick feed his kid, people freak the fuck out.

They are all a bunch of sexist twats if you ask me. [Precordial catch syndrom](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Precordial_catch_syndrome). I experience this feeling too once in a while. A blowjob always does the trick. I wouldn't say on both ends ... any information can be twisted negatively, and people who talk about others behind their backs are rarely complimentary about it.

I wouldn't share shit with a serious gossip.
Do *not* underestimate the damage those people can do. Wrong side of the pacific, New Zealand Well thats a problem because its exactly society I am talking about.

It seems that the mainstream response is that we should all draw cartoons of the prophet now.

And I don`t see how any reasonable person in their right mind can view this as an appropriate response. Gin and juice. Talked over Facebook and told her to watch jimmy neutron not the best pick up Sat next to a guy on the plane yesterday who thought it was appropriate to play poker on his smart phone with the sound all the way up. All the lights were off, people were trying to sleep, and throughout the cabin, the annoying sound of shuffling cards and blinging could be heard for hours.  There are definitely cheaper books out there (/r/freeebooks). Did you read it yourself? You notice how the atmosphere at a party changes when the coke runs out? 

I've used it about as much as you, I decided I don't like it.  I was visting my best friend, who was a manager at Gamestop. He worked there as well and sold me Bioshock Infinite. A few weeks later I started working there as well but I ABSOLUTELY couldn't stand him because my best friend talked so much shit about him. But as we got on better terms...

Now my friend and I don't have anything to do with each other. However, he and I are living together and also have better jobs. He's the best thing that's happened to me in the past year.  &gt; "I swear you guys make up slang terms just to mess with us yanks."

Nope, tracky daks are fair dinkum. 
 Almost reported this post as spam. Yeah but that doesn't excuse the pathetic doodle on the right. This could be anywhere in the world- Alexisonfire
The Feel Good Drag- Anberlin
Montauk(Acoustic)-Bayside
Rochambo- Bayside
Motown Never Sounded So Good- Less Than Jake My Mazda 6 is the bomb.  250,000 miles with only one burnt injector.  I'll buy another. Nip it in the bud. Buck naked and butt naked are both acceptable. No probs! XD I AM UNIDAN. I AM UNIDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN. Obviously that my favorite color is blue. Did the teal paint job, sky blue bedspread, and aquamarine rug give it away? That would be the biggest joke in history if they just skip over half life 3 but it kind of would make since since they could be doing a reverse half life. I think that would throw your balance off a bunch for leaning forwards and stuff. [It's the parking version of breaking the urinal code](http://www.fighterpilotuniversity.com/files/5613/5363/5188/urinal.jpg) yeah really one time driving through upper New York I saw an honest to god 3rd world slum. Garbage everywhere and the "houses" were literally corrugated metal shacks. How someone does that with NY temperatures I have no idea. Dare I ask what thread it was meant for? John Kisling - best wings in baltimore It's true. It gets you engulfed into a trance and the song overpowers you. It's great  My period.  The alternative is a lot more troublesome What if you were charged with something but not convicted. This fucking place I interviewed for asked if I had ever been to court before. Not charged with anything, just if I had ever been to court. As it turns out I had been to court a few times before but not convicted of anything - not guilty. I went into detail and lost an amazing job that I worked my ass off to nail. Would have went from making $45k to 75k overnight. 90's retro is in full effect.  Yes and simply because as long as you have a never quit attitude and a brain you will be fine and lead a happy and successful life.  thatsthejoke.jpg Copenhagen and Slayer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_lh5fR4DMA About a parachutes worth.  Still not the worst thing that's rolled outta her mouth.  Exactly! Like I got fired from my job after I tore some tendons in my knee, and ran out of money quickly, and my parents covered my gas money and such(Im 18), things I had been paying for since I had a job, and they dont understand that I want to pay them back. They think its the weirdest thing, and refuse to take my money. Really, where better to glow? *No adverse side effects, not addictive* I think I got it, thanks Reddit! 

http://i.imgur.com/SrbemJA.jpg I do wear a lot of fleece. Maybe that's it? Mozart's Lacrimosa. It seems fitting. That when I get pregnant my liver has a tantrum and stops working properly.
Obstetric Choleostasis, it'll make you itch like a bitch. You don't masturbate in the same room? Fucking weirdo! That fucking Leto fight. I tried to play it well and got annihilated, I had to start spamming stun and heavy attack to win.  Because he broke up with me. in the chat section of a league of legends streamer   :D Or you forgot headphones and still want to listen to music Not geographical location Agreed. I live in Oregon and love the rain.  do you live near a brothel? I do hear folks like that. Streaming on Twitch, which led to me being invited to a group's game of a Counter Strike. buck naked &amp; butt naked both work. It's nip it in the bud. Better yet, people fucked because of neopets. Hell, people may have been created because of neopets For 10k hell, you bet. Not gonna lie, that's easy and I'm pretty sure there is people on craigslist that will let you do that for free lol  [Aziz talking about it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4ju-kjw5MI) Caffeine pills are great in the morning when you're on the go  more schools need to have drivers ed as a mandatory class.

it would do nothing but save lives
 Born with a slight indent in my chest where my sternum is. Mostly noticeable but it doesnt bother me in any way.  Everyone asks if i eat cereal out of it. All else tell me that Neil Patrick Harris has one too. Burnt meatballs I want to downvote you even though i know it is wrong. Oh who am I kidding, I'm a sheep! Take my upvote and enjoy your reddit celebrity status. That was completely fixable, too! They could've just shown him being interviewed by someone at the end, and I'd of been like, "Screw it, I'll take it."

But they didn't. Tell us more of your magical pursuit and life together, please. Very nice! I've had people do it... ;) come on...  Any industrial plant Most sensible idea so far.  :D :D :D In all fairness sometimes it's just a dumbass that threw your sandwich together at a pace top fast for themselves. My friend has forgotten to put buns on sandwiches before. However I do appreciate when customers don't get upset with the person working at the register for something they had no control over. Nah but he fucked his mum later on.  They actually started playing one of Shaggy's songs again this year.. The "Angel" one. 


It's insanity.. the early 00's can't come back.  Do you miss all the free time, money, sleep and freedom from before you had children? But seriously, good luck to everyone raising children. I could never do it. Telling jokes poorly Titan Fall  I call bullshit on that. Fellow sparky and I don't think it's any different than referencing the NEC/CEC. With all the different brands, makes, models, etc., we can't know everything. (Y) Benihana is one of them Never do it alone. If you want it to stay recreational anyways. Just remember that bit of advice. I'm taking this guy to dinner. I'm the same way. In my death bed listening to Mozart's Lacrimosa. It seems fitting. You're not alone. On the tip of my hair braid A bank heist. **Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.

If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods! 

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.* I drove around in my white man top of the line Lexus with all of the windows down blaring Michael Jackson music when he died. Does that count? Urban does sea level start at 33 feet nope. I'm next door though.  &gt; but the ones knowing the Quran immediately stated they were no Muslims  
and the murderous muslims will state immediately that the others are "not" muslim, and the protestants will state the catholics arent yadda yadda...  
dont get me wrong, i'm happy to have fewer murderous people running around, but the kids' "theyre no muslim' judgement is no more valid than this week's terrorist killers judgement of other muslims. Lie, just say the bookstore or something. haha. Backwoods houses in the states look like they belong in third world slums. Backwoods houses in Canada look like cottages. I recruit for a fast-food chain and three things stand out:

1) People with really inappropriate email addresses. Sorry but nipple_clamp_lover@hotmail.com doesn't exactly inspire me with confidence that you understand the concept "a time and a place" when it comes to appropriateness. Same can be said for social media - nothing wrong with being on social media but remember there is a time a place; uploading pictures of yourself shit-faced whilst claiming to be sick from work doesn't exactly set the right tone (the honest issue is problematic but made worse but one was stupid enough to upload a photo of the whole event).

2) Unpronounceable and ridiculously long names - list given name and choose a name that you use at work. To me it tells me there is a level of self awareness that if you're working in a fast environment no one has time to try and say some laboriously long name let alone try to pronounce the unpronounceable.

3) If English is your second language, practice, practice, practice, practice - that includes immersing yourself and using in every day even with people you know who share the same language. I cannot give you a job serving a customer if you struggle through nor can I have you in the kitchen if I have to slow everything down to make it understandable. Authentic velociraptor skeleton.  It just wouldn't feel right if there weren't pancakes Clearly not enough to realize it was Green Day. Haha.  You are winning the most adorable comment contest.  Life is short, burn it the fuck out Tofu.  Fuck that inhuman shit. Was not selling you on it. Orange? Sharks weren't rare when the Chinese decided to start eating them and they are not delicacies because sharks themselves are rare - it has been overfishing that has caused the rarity of certain shark species.  I know someone with this, looks so cool yet painful. Is it?
Also, going through imgur is the most popular 'round these parts and is really easy. Can even get a mobile app to do it. Might wanna check that out.  I don't know. But I know small children and babies are dangerous...look at their innocent little faces...
Source: 7 younger siblings, 6 of them under the age 8. anything by Slipknot yeah I honestly could have put a number of floyd albums there, animals is just one of my favorites and it popped into my head I'm on to you I finished chemotherapy successfully, then I retired. Sex I love Hall of the Mountain king. Oh the visions that danced in my head when I first heard it! Wouldn't you have trouble lifting stuff after? Stacy's Mom - Fountains of Wayne  spam doesn't work, I've tried it ;) The baby is just trying to eat too!  Uh.. Love in an elevator? Abe Froman I'd say of all the 18 years olds in the world that play drums, I'm in the top 1000. Maybe even more than that.  
I like to think it's the only thing I'm truly an expert at. I like my women like i like my scotch... 12 years old and mixed up with coke. I think drinking coffee from a flask is cool. Moms spaghetti Honestly couldn't tell you why. Just as far back as I remember it's always been an appetite killer.  I'm only 27; I'm too young to feel this old. They're going on Netflix?  Pony by ginuwine Hmm I was expecting some T-Rex Esque scenario... BAKING SODA

I GOT BAKING SODA I'll name the business after you and or your username. Take your pick. Spongebob Squarepants. His middle name is Delight. I'm sure I've answered this somewhere already...but it is where people have taped hypodermic needles to the locks of our gates, so when we come to open them we get sharps injury - potentially causing whatever disease they have to spread. Total weirdos.  Learn the alphabet backwards. That shit is hard. Weed? As in Marijuana? Wtf are you smoking? ...and where can I get some? I'm not gay but 10k is 10k..  I snuck a retard into a sperm bank - Anal Cunt 